      Newsweek


      World
      U.S.
      Podcasts
      Opinion
      Culture
      Sports
      Tech  Science
      Business
      Video
      The Magazine




      Subscribe
      Europe Edition
           US
           EUROPE
           Español
           日本
           한국
           Pakistan
           Polska
           Srbija
           ČESKÁ REPUBLIKA
      SIGN IN
       MY ACCOUNT
           My account
           Subscription settings
           Contact support
           Sign out

   Search  Search

   Advertisement

   Culture

The Weird and Beautiful War Poetry of Solmaz Sharif

Solmaz Sharif has been nominated for a National Book Award for "Look," her
first book of poetry.

   By Alexander Nazaryan On 11/6/16 at 2:27 PM
   Sharif2016-11-04
   The poet Solmaz Sharif.Arash Saedinia

   Close

   IFRAME: http://video.ibt.com/share/25605?autostart=1publisher=nweu

   One poem lists American military operations: Beastmaster, Hickory View,
   Riverwalk, etc. Another lingers with dark, dry humor on “WARHEAD
   MATING” and “HEIGHT HOLES.” A third injects missile-technology lingo
   into the Book of Ecclesiastes: “For what is your life? It is even a
   THERMAL SHADOW.”
   Win an iPhone 7 Sign up to our daily newsletter for your chance to win.

   IFRAME: http://europe.newsweek.com/NlIframe/iphoneCompetition

   Your browser does not support iframes.

   The poet responsible for these verses is Solmaz Sharif, and when I meet
   her at a fashionable Oakland, California, café, she looks like one of
   its fashionable denizens, not someone who, by next week, could be the
   winner of the National Book Award for Look, her first book of poetry,
   which is political and confessional—and which relies heavily on
   terminology from the U.S. Department of Defense’s Dictionary of
   Military and Associated Terms.

   Not even the title of the volume is exempt from this intriguing
   confluence of the personal and the martial. Look is an invitation to
   the reader, but this most quotidian of words also describes, according
   to the military dictionary, “a period which a mine circuit is receptive
   of an influence.”

   For Emily Dickinson, life was “a Loaded Gun.” For Sharif, it is a mine
   primed to blow. The title poem (which contains the Ecclesiastes
   reference) moves from a moment of intimacy, to a Hellfire missile being
   fired on Iraq, to a kind of unease about the American project, as
   befitting a poet born in Turkey to Iranian parents who settled in Los
   Angeles. As far as poetry goes, this is closer to Apocalypse Now than
   John Ashbery.

   Which is how Sharif wants it. The job of a poet, she says, is to be “a
   bane to the republic. Because the republic is built on a destruction of
   language. A kind of obliteration of language that will enable and
   excuse violence against bodies. My job is to interrogate and agitate
   that as often as I can.”

   Moving between the personal and political, her poetry is always in a
   state of tumult—a state of war. Every one of the words from Dictionary
   of Military and Associated Terms are rendered, as above, in all caps.
   The effect is a muraled wall riddled by gunfire, photographed and
   turned into art. Sharif tells me that she wanted the military terms to
   act as “these little disruptive markers of violence” that would remind
   readers that war is a constant presence in our lives, as much here as
   it is over there.

   She points to the varnished table where we sat, to her crumbled scone
   and my avocado toast. War was happening here too, she says. Only we
   need the courage to see it. Perhaps because of her ethnicity, or her
   convictions, Sharif sees it everywhere:

   My father is not afraid of
   SEDITION. He can
   SEIZE a wild pigeon off a Santa Monica street or watch
   SEIZURES unfold in his sister’s bedroom — the FBI storming through.

   Although the first-person voice throughout Look is not always Sharif’s,
   the poems do follow her family’s journey. Some of the poems are about
   her uncle, who was killed in the Iran-Iraq War. Sharif never knew him,
   yet she evokes him with the kind of battle-worn sorrow that the ancient
   Greeks lavished on their war dead:

   Just, DESTROYED.
   DIED OF WOUNDS RECEIVED IN ACTION.
   Yes, there was EARLY WARNING.
   You said you were especially scared
   of mortar rounds.

   Sharif is a child of conflict, born in 1983 in Istanbul because her
   parents had fled Iran after the overthrow of the Shah in 1979. They
   then moved to the United States, her mother going to the University of
   Alabama, her father working odd jobs in the Northeast. She imagines his
   experience—the classic immigrant tale—in a poem that has her father
   “driving a cab in Poughkeepsie, lifting lumber in Rochester...my baba
   downing Bud Light by the Hudson.” The image, like so many in Look, is
   precise and evocative, the poetic equivalent of a drone strike.

   Sharif’s parents eventually settled down in Los Angeles, where Sharif
   spent most of her childhood. She went to college at the University of
   California at Berkeley and graduate school at New York University. Back
   in Los Angeles, when she was helping a photographer friend with a
   project, she became enthralled with the military dictionary.

   The early curiosity became a book that took Sharif eight years to write
   and publish. Recent Man Booker Prize winner Paul Beatty had his novel
   The Sellout rejected 18 times by publishers; Sharif estimates she got
   as many rejections for Look, maybe more. “And I want to send thank-you
   notes to all of them,” she says, laughing. Her manuscript was finally
   acquired by Graywolf Press, the revered independent Minneapolis-based
   press that has published the essayists Leslie Jamison, Maggie Nelson
   and Eula Biss, as well as the poets Tracy K. Smith, who won the
   Pulitzer Prize in 2012, Elizabeth Alexander, who read at President
   Barack Obama’s first inauguration, and Claudia Rankine, whose Citizen
   has been lauded for its take on intractable racial issues.

   “Sharif disrupts our assumptions about what constitutes poetry—and
   simultaneously makes a poetry of protest and of lyric devastation,”
   says Graywolf Executive Editor Jeff Shotts. “There is nothing like this
   work.”

   Critics have agreed, with The New York Times calling the book
   “excellent.” Bookforum noted that “there’s something automatically
   evocative about the bureaucratic language of war, in the particular
   mismatch between the casualness of some words, the technological
   specificity of others, and the death hiding behind them all.”
   Tellingly, that review was written by a national security reporter for
   The Intercept, where Glenn Greenwald, who wrote about the Edward
   Snowden documents, is an editor.

   To be on the National Book Award short list has been “bizarre” for
   Sharif, given how many rejections Look received along the way. Even
   more bizarre: “Trump might be president during the ceremony.” We are
   fretting over the polls in North Carolina and New Hampshire when Sharif
   considers an aspect of the Trump presidency that I had not contemplated
   before: “Who’s that inaugural poet going to be?”

   We sit there, at a loss, wondering who might to do for Trump what
   Robert Frost did for John F. Kennedy in 1961, endowing his first
   moments as president with moral authority. Then, suddenly, the answer
   occurs to me. He is not a poet, exactly, but he does work in verse,
   whiskey bottle in hand: Kid Rock.
   Try Newsweek: Subscription offers
   National Book Awards Solmaz Sharif

  Related Stories

     

Jonathan Lethem, a Long Way From Brooklyn in New Novel, ‘A Gambler’s Anatomy’
     

Doom With a Side Salad: Novelist T.C. Boyle's Cheerful Pessimism

   Share
      Like us on Facebook
      Follow us on Twitter
      Like us on Google Plus
      Follow us on LinkedIn
      Share with Whatsapp
      More
           reddit
           Pinterest
           Tumblr

   Comments

   Advertisement
   READ MORE
      0102trumpcongress01

U.S. Congress Poised for Battle Over Obamacare, Environmental Regulations and
Trump's Cabinet
      Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho, left.

Jose Mourinho: Manchester United Players ‘Too Tired to Think’ in West Ham
United Win

   Advertisement
   Advertisement
   World
      0102berlinsuspect01

Germany Arrests Syrian Refugee Suspected of Planning ISIS Truck Bomb Attack
      0102brazilprisonriot01

Bloody Prison Riot in Brazil Leaves 60 Dead in Renewed Surge of Drug Gang
Violence
      0102merkel01

Angela Merkel Taps out of Davos World Economic Forum as Donald Trump Takes
Office
      0102netanyahu01

Israel Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to Be Questioned Over Alleged
Corruption

   Advertisement
   TECHNOLOGY
      spacex internet satellites elon musk

SpaceX to Launch First Rocket Since Falcon 9 Explosion
      Bitcoin wallet

Bitcoin Price Passes $1,000 For First Time Since 2013

   In the magazine

   Manchester United midfielder Juan Mata, left.
   Sports
   West Ham United vs Manchester United: Conclusions from London Stadium
   as Juan Mata and Zlatan Ibrahimovic Extend Jose Mourinho’s Winning Run
   United toiled for most of the game in east London.
   0102sonnyperdue01
   U.S.
   Trump's Leading Pick for Agriculture Head: Democrat-Turned-Republican
   Georgia Ex-Governor Sonny Perdue
   Sonny Perdue founded a founded a grain and fertilizer business and
   became Georgia's first...
   0102strikes01
   U.S.
   Civilian Deaths Top 188 in U.S.-Led Operation Against ISIS in Iraq and
   Syria
   The operation also has cost $10 billion since 2014, the data shows.
   1230newyork01
   Culture
   Quora: How the 'I Love New York' Campaign Changed the City's Image
   The iconic marketing campaign attempted to rescue New York City after
   economic and social failures....

   Advertisement

      Newsweek
      About us
      Advertise
      Contact
      Copyright
      Privacy
      Terms
      December 23, 2016
      Like us on Facebook
      Follow us on Twitter
      Follow us on Google Plus
      Follow us on LinkedIn

      Cover 12/30/2016
    December 30, 2016
           Meet Henry Orenstein, the Man Who Changed How the World Plays
           Harnessing Technology and Innovation to Save the World's
            Cities
      Cover 12/23/2016
    December 23, 2016
           How Donald Trump's Business Ties Are Already Jeopardizing U.S.
            Interests
           Review: In New Biopic ‘Barry,’ the Real Obama Remains Hidden
      Cover 12/16/2016
    December 16, 2016
           Taiwan Was the First Salvo in a Looming Showdown with China
            Over Trade
           What’s Driving Brooklyn’s New Design Center?
      December 9, 2016
    December 09, 2016
           How Artificial Intelligence and Robots Will Radically
            Transform the Economy
           Tulum, Mexico: How an Eco-Chic Retreat Became a Den of
            Corruption

   © 2016 Newsweek LTD

   Clicky
   [p?c1=2c2=7922264cv=2.0cj=1]

   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-MWQQQZ
