    alternate alternate TIME WordPress.com

   TIME

Time.com

   MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE
   Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Motto Entertainment
   Science Newsfeed Living Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Ideas
   Parents TIME Labs
   Money LIFE The Daily Cut
   Photography Videos TIME Shop Press Room
   The 100 Most Influential People Next Generation Leaders American Voices
   The Ensemble Effect Person of the Year 2016 Top of the World
   Subscribe Newsletters Feedback Privacy Policy Your California Privacy
   Rights Terms of Use Ad Choices Ad Choices
   RSS TIME Apps TIME for Kids Advertising Reprints and Permissions Site
   Map Help Customer Service © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved.

U.S.

   MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE

   MORE
   (Submit) U.S. Edition
      U.S. Edition
      Europe, Middle East and Africa Edition
      Asia Edition
      South Pacific Edition

Turkish Police Have Released Images of the Suspected New Year’s Attacker

Israeli Police Question Prime Minister Netanyahu Over Corruption Allegation

Gas Poisoning at a Texas Home Kills Four Children and Injures Six Others

The Pope Calls On Bishops to Maintain ‘Zero Tolerance’ for Child Abuse

Donald Trump Says North Korea’s Long-Range Nuclear Missile ‘Won’t Happen’

‘I Just Let Him Shoot Me’: American Caught in Turkey Nightclub Attack Played
Dead to Survive

Chef Says Dude Ranch Owner Asked Him to Cook ‘Black People Food’

Poll: Most Americans Don’t Think Donald Trump Can Handle Being President

At Least 56 Inmates Killed in Brazil Prison Riot

50 Years Ago This Week: How Young People Changed the World

   TIME U.S. georgia

Teen Wakes Up From Coma Speaking Fluent Spanish: ‘It Was Weird’

      Melissa Chan @melissalchan

   Oct. 24, 2016
   SHARE

"My son is awake, I don’t care what language he’s speaking"

    READ ARTICLE

   A Georgia teenager who suffered a life-threatening head injury last
   month while playing soccer awoke from a coma speaking fluent Spanish
   for the first time in his life.

   Rueben Nsemoh, 16, shocked family members and doctors when he opened
   his eyes after a three-day coma and began uttering sentences in
   Spanish, despite having known only a few words before his accident.

   “It started flowing out,” the teen told TIME on Monday. “I felt like it
   was like second nature for me. I wasn’t speaking my English right, and
   every time I tried to speak it I would have a seizure.”

   “It was weird,” Rueben added. “It was not scary at all. I actually
   liked it a lot. It was really unique to me.”

   Another teenager accidentally kicked Rueben on the right side of his
   head during a game on Sept. 24 after Rueben dove for a loose ball, he
   said.

   Rueben, an aspiring professional soccer player, suffered a severe
   concussion, went into shock and had to be airlifted to a hospital,
   according to his mother, Dorah Nsemoh.

   Days after being treated in the intensive care unit, Rueben finally
   started stirring again. He began moving his hand and gesturing for
   food. And then he blurted out: “Tengo hambre,” or “I am hungry” in
   Spanish.

   “I was very shocked. That’s something he’s never done before. When he
   got up and he started speaking Spanish, I was confused,” said Nsemoh, a
   54-year-old high school teacher who is from Nigeria.

   Nsemoh then ran out of the room to find help and brought back a nurse.
   “A nurse asked me what language does he speak. I said, ‘I speak
   English. He speaks English. We’re not Spanish-based people,’” Nsemoh
   said.

   Doctors have not told the family why Rueben woke up speaking perfect
   Spanish, although they have sought consultation with a neurologist.

   It’s not unprecedented for patients to start speaking a different
   language or using different accents after a major trauma. In June, a
   Texas woman made headlines after she had surgery on her lower jaw and
   then suddenly started speaking with a British accent.

   That case was diagnosed as foreign accent syndrome, a very rare
   condition in which people speak with a different accent, usually after
   head trauma or stroke, according to CNN. Severe cases of Traumatic
   Brain Injury (TBI) and concussions can also cause changes in language
   function, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.

   Rueben says he could recite just a few phrases in Spanish before his
   accident. The only ways he had heard Spanish were from his brother, who
   had previously studied in Spain, and his Spanish-speaking teammates.

   In the weeks after the accident, Rueben gradually recovered the ability
   to speak English, and now he speaks both languages fluently, although
   he says the Spanish has begun to fade.

   Doctors say Rueben’s brain scans suggest he will fully heal, but the
   family has been overwhelmed by mounting medical bills in the $250,000
   range, Nsemoh said. A GoFundMe page for Rueben has collected more than
   $11,000 to go toward the teen’s medical costs.

   “Definitely, it’s a miracle,” Nsemoh said. “My son is awake, I don’t
   care what language he’s speaking. Whatever went on, he’s alive today
   and I believe 100 percent in recovery.”

Read Next

   Your browser is out of date. Please update your browser at
   http://update.microsoft.com

      Home
      U.S.
      Politics
      World
      Business
      Tech
      Health
      Science
      Entertainment
      Newsfeed
      Living
      Ideas
      Parents
      Sports
      History
      The TIME Vault
      Magazine
      Subscribe
      Give a Gift
      TIME Shop
      Press Room
      Newsletters
      Customer Service
      Site Map
      Privacy Policy
      Your California Privacy Rights
      Terms of Use
      Advertising
      Ad Choices Ad Choices
      Careers

   © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP
     

YOU BROKE TIME.COM!

   Dear TIME Reader,
   As a regular visitor to TIME.com, we are sure you enjoy all the great
   journalism created by our editors and reporters. Great journalism has
   great value, and it costs money to make it. One of the main ways we
   cover our costs is through advertising.
   The use of software that blocks ads limits our ability to provide you
   with the journalism you enjoy. Consider turning your Ad Blocker off so
   that we can continue to provide the world class journalism you have
   become accustomed to.
   The TIME Team

   [p?c1=2c2=6035728c3=c4=c5=c6=c15=cv=2.0cj=1]
