   alternate alternate Mail Online Search publisher Mail Online
   TVShowbiz RSS feed Latest TVShowbiz Stories RSS feed


   MailOnline - news, sport, celebrity, science and health stories
   [USEMAP:gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==
   ]
      Home
      News
      U.S.
      Sport
          TVShowbiz
      Australia
      Femail
      Health
      Science
      Money
      Video
      Travel
      Fashion Finder

      Latest Headlines
      TVShowbiz
      U.S. Showbiz
      Headlines
      Arts
      Pictures
      Showbiz Boards

      My Profile
      Logout

      Login

   DailyMail
   NEW ARTICLESHomeTop
   Share
   show ad

'This is crazy!' Tommy Hilfiger reveals details of weird meeting with Michael
Jackson in Neverland 'throne room' and says his kids were dressed like the
Von Trapp children

   By Bobbie Whiteman For Dailymail.com

   Published: 20:47 GMT, 26 October 2016 | Updated: 21:42 GMT, 26 October
   2016

     
     
     
     
      e-mail
     

   31 shares

   72

   View
   comments

   Tommy Hilfiger has revealed details of a very strange encounter with
   Michael Jackson.

   The King of Pop contacted the designer during the 1990s when he wanted
   to create a branded clothing line.

   Tommy, now 65, was summoned to the singer's palatial Neverland ranch in
   Los Olivos, California, for the surreal meeting, according to his new
   book, American Dreamer: My Life In Fashion  Business.
   Tommy Hilfiger has described his bizarre meeting with Michael Jackson
   in the early 1990s, in new book Tommy Hilfiger has described his
   bizarre meeting with Michael Jackson in the early 1990s, in new book
   The King Of Pop wanted to create a branded clothing line with the
   designer The King Of Pop wanted to create a branded clothing line with
   the designer

   Pop and fashion: Tommy Hilfiger has described his bizarre meeting with
   Michael Jackson in the early 1990s when the King Of Pop wanted to
   create a branded clothing line, in new book

   The designer took along his daughter Ally, now 31, and brother
   Andy, according to an excerpt published in Page Six on Tuesday.

   The trio landed on the lawn in a helicopter and were picked up by 'a
   choo-choo train, with a conductor and everything,' Tommy wrote.

RELATED ARTICLES

      Previous
      1
      Next

      [38215ECC00000578-0-image-m-211473441015078.jpg] Ahoy there! Gigi
       Hadid steps out with Tommy Hilfiger in...
       [39AF6E4700000578-0-image-m-801477374350797.jpg] Gigi Hadid shows
       off flawless model figure as she strips...

Share this article

   Share

   ''We were driving through Neverland, and no one was there. As we passed
   the Ferris wheel, it started up. Every seat was empty. We saw teacup
   rides and a racetrack and an amphitheater, all deserted.

   'We pulled up in front of the house, and a butler came out wearing
   white gloves. 'Hello,' he said. 'Michael will be coming; he is
   expecting you.'
   Designer dish:  Tommy, with wife Dee at the Princess Grace Awards Gala
   at Cipriani 25 Broadway on Monday in New York, said Jacko was 'sitting
   on a throne' when they met Designer dish:  Tommy, with wife Dee at the
   Princess Grace Awards Gala at Cipriani 25 Broadway on Monday in New
   York, said Jacko was 'sitting on a throne' when they met

   Designer dish:  Tommy, with wife Dee at the Princess Grace Awards Gala
   at Cipriani 25 Broadway on Monday in New York, said Jacko was 'sitting
   on a throne' when they met

   'We were standing in front of this massive gingerbread-style house when
   a giraffe walked by, followed by a string of baby elephants. Ally and
   Andy were looking at each other, like 'This is crazy!' '
   All the info: The 65-year-old described the bizarre meeting in his new
   biography All the info: The 65-year-old described the bizarre meeting
   in his new biography

   All the info: The 65-year-old described the bizarre meeting in his new
   biography

   And when Tommy met Michael in his office he was wearing sunglasses and
   'was sitting in an enormous gold-and-burgundy throne...His face was
   heavily made up and he had a Band-Aid across his nose.

   'He was fidgety. He said, 'We really have to do this clothing line
   together. I have millions of fans all over the world who are waiting
   for it.' He spoke in the same wispy voice we had all grown accustomed
   to.'

   Meanwhile, Tommy said Michael's kids Prince, now 14, and Paris, now 18,
   were dressed bizarrely like the Von Trapp children in The Sound Of
   Music.

   'They came barreling down the stairs dressed...in velveteen knickers,
   dirndl jumper, ruffled blouses, patent leather shoes, each in full
   makeup, their hair bleached blond with dark roots. Blanket was an
   infant in nanny's arms.'

   Tommy said he and his partners passed on the deal with the pop icon,
   who died of a drug overdose in 2009 at age 50. He said they had 'bigger
   deals in mind' at the time and were negotiating to buy Calvin Klein.

   'Michael continued to call and ask us to reconsider, but our decision
   was firm, and he never did the clothing line,' Tommy wrote.
   His last tour: Michael had announced his Summer residency, This Is It,
    at London's O2 Arena at the time of his death from a drugs overdose in
   2009 His last tour: Michael had announced his Summer residency, This Is
   It,  at London's O2 Arena at the time of his death from a drugs
   overdose in 2009

   His last tour: Michael had announced his Summer residency, This Is It,
    at London's O2 Arena at the time of his death from a drugs overdose in
   2009


   Read more:
      Tommy Hilfiger¿s bizarre encounter with Michael Jackson | Page Six

Share or comment on this article

     
     
     
     
      e-mail
     
      31
       shares

Most watched News videos

      Mariah botches New Year's Eve performance and storms off stage
      Heart-warming moment woman plays piano and sings in cathedral
      Woman takes seven minutes to parallel park car in double space
      Disturbing moment pitbull kills small dog in front of its owner
      Man goes crazy when he catches another guy in bed with his wife
      Man finally talks to wife after over twenty years of silence
      Passenger insults flight attendant before being led away by police
      Mass brawl erupts between customers and restaurant staff
      Spooky! 'Ghost' appears to follow two people down a driveway
      Bottles fly during terrifying NYE fight at Manchester restaurant
      Dog shows off its incredibly efficient banana-eating technique
      Take a look inside one of the brand new flats in The Collective

   [INS: :INS]
      Pictures that make me weep for today's young women: SARAH...
      Welcome to the UK’s Capital of Culture: Hull descends into...
      Beer on demand, parties every weekend and an on-site sauna:...
      George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz reveals the singer died...
      Some people won't be having a happy new year! Carnage on the...
      First pictures inside Istanbul nightclub show bodies strewn...
      Musician who turned her back on singing career becomes...
      British traveller, 29, found dead in exclusive Melbourne...
      New year, new life! Hot mugshot felon celebrates the...
      Blindfolded British couple found hanged in Cambodia with...
      Distraught children are left in tears as New Year trip to...
      How NOT to park a Renault Clio: Baffled driver takes seven...

MOST READ NEWS

   Previous
   Next
      ●
      ●
      ●

More top stories

   Bing

   () Site () Web Enter search term:  (Submit)
   Search

      Like DailyMail
      Follow MailOnline
      Follow DailyMail
      1 DailyMail



DON'T MISS

      PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie takes twins Vivienne and Knox and
       daughter Shiloh for ice cream during ski trip... as she jets away
       from divorce drama
      'I could fit a whole head in one cup': Scarlett Moffatt praises
       regime for shrinking her J cup bust by 7in... as she hits back at
       weight trolls Lost 3st 4lb in total
      Trouble in paradise? Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban 'had a red
       carpet argument' at her Lion premiere just days before dancing up a
       storm on stage on NYE
      'He's not bothered': Michelle Keegan insists husband Mark Wright is
       unfazed by steamy sex scenes... after admitting they 'talk through'
       her roles
      Daisy Lowe looks scorching in a pale pink cutaway bikini as she
       flaunts her Strictly weight loss on Miami beach Looks stunning
      'I lost half a stone in two weeks eating MS ready meals!' We
       challenged two women to try what might be the easiest diet EVER!
       SPONSORED
      Undercover lovers: Leonardo DiCaprio shades his face with a towel
       as he enjoys getaway with girlfriend Nina Agdal in Mexico Come over
       all shy?
      Full of 1940s intrigue, sex and Kara Tointon's VERY pert derriere,
       Halcyon is Downton if the butler had an evil streak! CHRISTOPHER
       STEVENS is gripped
      Rich Kids of Instagram's Lana Scolaro loses her bikini top on
       sunshine break in St Barts... after shooting to fame with THAT
       Robin Thicke snap
      Jack Branning is left devastated on EastEnders after discovering
       new wife Ronnie Mitchell has drowned on their wedding day
      What a carry on! Hilary Duff gives son Luca a piggyback as she
       flaunts toned body in denim bikini top and hotpants Only way to
       travel!
     
      Are you wheel-y sure you want to do that, Wiggo? Bradley Wiggins
       signs up for The Jump... days after retiring from professional
       cycling Hope he's insured
      Bella Thorne flaunts pert derriere in a tiny bikini on holiday in
       the Bahamas... and even covers herself in body glitter Absolutely
       stunning
      'I'm gonna smash it!' Lauren Goodger slips into lingerie for
       pre-weight loss selfie before filming derriere during workout... as
       she vows to regain her 'big butt'
      Justin Bieber's protégé Madison Beer dons stylish black bikini for
       beach time with fellow musician boyfriend Jack Gilinsky New Year to
       remember
      Susanna Reid, 46, is flooded with compliments as she bravely posts
       barefaced 'blemishes, lines and flaws' selfie next to filtered
       make-up snap
      Stassi Schroeder goes skinny dipping with gal pals before being
       caught in spotlight on Vanderpump Rules Knows how to make a splash
      Looking ssssexy! TOWIE's Kate Wright shows off her eye-popping
       assets in snakeskin swimsuit as she continues to wow during Dubai
       break
      'Losing a child never leaves you': Kym Marsh admits Corrie
       stillbirth was 'heartbreaking' eight years after losing own baby -
       as she poses with daughter Polly, five
      'The hard grafting has paid off'! MIC's Louise Thompson poses in a
       nude bikini... before being launched into the air by her burly beau
       Ryan in the Maldives
      Can Mel and Sue keep Ant and Dec from 16th TV Presenter of the Year
       gong? Departing Bake Off favourites leave on a high as they lead
       National Television nods
     
      PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie hits the slopes with her kids
       during Colorado ski trip... as she enjoys NYE getaway in wake of
       Brad Pitt split
      Doutzen Kroes displays model figure in cropped top and tiny shorts
       while hitting beach in Miami with family Life's a beach
      'Taught me how to love': Chance The Rapper finally introduces
       15-month-old daughter Kensli on Instagram Head over heels
      Why ARE so many celebrities obsessed with showing us their rear
       view? Former Cosmopolitan editor questions the stars' latest trend
      Wat-son your screen, Dr? Sherlock viewers mock Martin Freeman for
       pretending to update static picture of his blog in epic blunder in
       record New Year's Day show
      PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wild thing Daisy Lowe wears her leopard-print
       bra to the beach as she cosies up to handsome mystery man on the
       beach in Miami
      Buxom Daisy Lowe channels a Fifties pin-up girl as she covers-up
       sexy bikini with plunging white sundress after day of frolicking on
       Miami beach
      Easy riders! Steven Tyler and his rumoured fiancée Aimee Ann
       Preston drive motorbikes in Hawaii He is 40 years older than his
       rumoured fiancée
      PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Shirtless former Strictly pro Gleb Savchenko
       displays his rippling abs as he packs on the PDA with wife Elena on
       Miami beach
      Grin and bear it! Paris Jackson livestreams brother Prince getting
       a massive tattoo... before getting some new ink of her own What are
       you inking!
     
      Weed belong together: Mariah Carey spotted heading into a marijuana
       dispensary on Christmas Eve, just one week before her Times Square
       meltdown
      EastEnders star Samantha Womack sparks Twitter frenzy as she tweets
       about enjoying a swim... just hours after her character drowned
      Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick put on a united front in Aspen
       as they pose on their private jet They split up in summer 2015
      'Need a decorator's number?' Little Mix's Jesy Nelson is inundated
       with interior advice from fans after they're left shocked by her
       Instagram snap
      Downton Abbey in a hotel - with jazz, Nazis, and a less handsome
       Night Manager who stuck to his day job... The Halcyon was not a
       place you'd want to stay
      Daisy Lowe shows off her kooky sense of style on holiday as she
       pairs a skimpy white bikini with trainers She seemed in
       particularly high spirits
      Here comes trouble! Rihanna plays coy as she wears casual jet-set
       look at JFK... as ex Drake and JLo spend NYE together in Vegas
       Moving on
      Rebecca Ferguson 'graciously accepts' invitation to sing at
       inauguration of Donald Trump... if she can perform track protesting
       against racism
      'I missed you': Bindi Irwin's heart swells as she is reunited with
       boyfriend Chandler Powell after couple spend three weeks apart
      Watch out Beckham! Doutzen Kroes displays sweet soccer skills in
       tiny white shorts with family in Miami She's not only a whizz on
       the runway
      'It's back!': Will And Grace star Leslie Jordan confirms new season
       of hit sitcom will hit screens this year Was a huge hit the in
       1990s
      Fit couple! Mark Wahlberg shows off sculpted body while wife Rhea
       Durham is red hot in bikini on holiday in Barbados Super buff
      The pathologist's corpses were more lifelike than this twaddle:
       Christopher Stevens reviews last night's TV  Always looks like
       she's on her way to an awards
      'It was a kick in the bs': Sir Tom Jones slams the BBC again
       for his sudden drop from The Voice... as he poses alongside new
       judges for ITV reboot
      'I was 16ish': Kim Zolciak is barely recognizable in throwback
       photo from her teenage years Determined to stay young forever
     
      Still on! Jennifer Lawrence, 26, enjoys romantic New Year's Eve
       stroll with boyfriend Darren Aronofsky, 47 Looked like a
       picture-perfect couple
      Lizzie Cundy, 46, negotiates risqué red swimsuit while throwing
       herself enthusiastically into beachside ball games during Maldives
       getaway
      Star in stripes: Natalie Portman keeps it comfortable in patterned
       top and hoodie while on morning walk in LA Appeared quite far along
       as she stepped out
      Strictly's Janette Manrara flaunts taut physique in skimpy pink
       bikini as she joins co-star fiancé Alja korjanec and his ex-dance
       partner Daisy Lowe
      The holidays are over! Harrison Ford arrives back in LA with wife
       Calista Flockhart after winter break Star Wars cast reeling from
       Carrie's death
      'Making her laugh was always a badge of honor': Mark Hamill pens
       heartfelt goodbye letter to Star Wars co-star Carrie Fisher He's
       best memories
      Glad to be home? Nicole Richie and Joel Madden look downcast after
       holiday getaway as they jet into LA with their kids Family affair
      New mum Behati Prinsloo shows off her slender figure in a tank top
       and cut-off shorts while on holiday in Mexico Looked sensational
      Goodbye paradise! Jessica Alba is effortlessly chic in striped maxi
       dress as she leaves Hawaii with her family Home sweet home
      There's something about broccoli! Cameron Diaz shops for organic
       veggies during grocery run in Los Angeles Green and lean
      'You come here you get a cap in your a': Real Housewives star
       Kenya Moore points gun at home intruders She's not taking any
       chances
      Burr-illiant! Vlogger Tanya debuts new bob and shows off enviable
       curves in animal print swimsuit during idyllic holiday in the
       Maldives Lucky woman
      Desert rose: Amy Adams stuns in floral gown at Palm Springs
       International Film Festival Kickstarting red carpet season
      Nicole Kidman is girly glam as she sports dress covered in playful
       illustrations at Palm Springs International Film Festival Stunnning
      Lady in blue-gray! Kirsten Dunst shows off cleavage in full-length
       gown with front slit at Palms Springs International Film Festival
      'It was definitely the most traumatic year of my life': Charlotte
       Crosby reveals she is glad 2016 is over... after ectopic pregnancy
       and split from Gaz Beadle
      Calum Best touches down in London ahead of rumoured Celebrity Big
       Brother stint... where he is set to reunite with former flame
       Bianca Gascoigne
      The look of love! Margot Robbie beams as she arrives back in LA
       with new husband Tom Ackerley... after tying the knot in secret
       ceremony in Australia
      Newly-engaged Serena Williams flashes her ring as she steps out
       with her Reddit co-founder fiance Alexis Ohanian in New Zealand
       Proposed last week
      All tied up! TOWIE;s Kate Wright sizzles in plunging bondage
       inspired khaki bikini as she soaks up the sun in Dubai  On a girls'
       break
      Sparkling New Year for Ab Fab star's daughter: Actress Beattie
       Edmondson announces her engagement  She is marry Sam Francis, also
       29
      Avert your eyes! Braless Lisa Appleton, 48, leaves NOTHING to the
       imagination in raunchy lace dress during wild night out in
       Manchester
      Nicola McLean, Spencer Pratt and Stevi Ritchie arrive at their
       hotel as they prepare to make their Celebrity Big Brother return
       for all star series
      Izabel Goulart flaunts her supermodel figure in TINY crochet bikini
       as she frolics on the beach in St Barts  Every inch the Brazilian
       bombshell
      Bonding time! Nicola Peltz rocks a black bikini as she hugs her
       brother Will on family holiday together In an idyllic Instagram
       photo
      Margot Robbie stuns in a leopard print one piece as she cosies up
       to new husband Tom Ackerley at the beach with friends... after
       secretly tying the knot
      Newly-single Katie Waissel hits Miami beach with another male pal
       in Miami... weeks after splitting from second husband Brian Moote
      'Facing my fears for the new year:' Leighton Meester beats her
       phobia of popping champagne in Instagram video Cheers to that!
      Keeping her on her toes! Chrissy Teigen shows off legs in LBD as
       she does impressive plié while carrying baby Luna Impressive skills
      Pregnant Rochelle Humes flaunts her blossoming baby bump in chic
       black swimsuit in the Maldives before sharing a bath with daughter
       Alaia-Mai
      'Time to start a new year being happy, healthy and ambitious':
       Katie Price praises husband Keiran Hayler and kids as she vows to
       give up alcohol
      Love's young dream: Elle Fanning enjoys giggly lunch date with
       boyfriend Dylan Beck The 18-year-old couldn't control her laughter
       while in a black jumpsuit
      MIC's Frankie Gaff shares racy belfie as she and Jamie Laing pack
       on the PDA during break in Dubai... leaving their relationship woes
       firmly behind them
      'The worst thing was not knowing if he'd come home': Emma Willis
       recalls chilling fears over husband Matt's addictions... as she
       reveals plans to renew wedding vows
      'Private pool suits me just fine!' Ashley Graham shows off her
       hourglass curves in racy white swimsuit as she takes a dip in the
       Seychelles
      Susan Sarandon's daughter Eva Amurri Martino reveals baby son
       suffered a cracked skull after a night nurse dropped him Now
       battling depression
      New year, new nails! Tobey Maguire's ex Jennifer Meyer makes
       manicure her priority at start of 2017 She dressed in ripped jeans
      Billie Lourd breaks her silence with moving tribute to mother
       Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds The 24-year-old
       actress posted a picture
      Sara Sampaio flaunts her trim figure and pert posterior in pretty
       print swimsuit as she enjoys a sunbathing session on Mexican
       holiday Positively heaven sent
      Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell suffer ANOTHER grisly fate in alternate
       ending for EastEnders New Year episode... after fans praise the
       duo's exit
      Stella McCartney covers up in a floaty kaftan as she enjoys
       romantic beach stroll with husband Alasdhair Willis in St Barts
       Festive family trip
      Fifi Box's ex Grant Kenny 'devastated' after the actress 'spends
       the night' with her Neighbours co-star and new love Damien
       Richardson
      Reunited! Julianne Hough goes makeup free in an adorable family
       selfie with fiancé Brooks Laich and their fur babies Lexi and
       Harley
      Bianca Gascoigne shows off her ample assets in orange sequin bikini
       as she hits the water in sunny Mexico ahead of her Celebrity Big
       Brother debut
      Rebecca Romijn flaunts rock hard abs at 44 while on holiday with
       husband Jerry O'Connell and twin daughters Rebecca Romijn had no
       problems showing it off
      Reynolds Reynolds 'He said I was a lousy lay': A victim of Tony
       Curtis's vile gossip, in her own words, how screen legend DEBBIE
       REYNOLDS was abused in Hollywood
      Happy New Rear! Danielle Lloyd showcases her toned curves in a
       red-hot swimsuit as she soaks up some winter sun in Dubai
      Mixing it up! Jamie Foxx's daughter Corinne raises temperatures in
       mismatched bikini during beach outing in Miami Looked like a
       perfect 10
      Rooney prostitute Jenny Thompson flaunts her legs in red playsuit
       as fellow EOTB newbie Zara Jackson gets racy in lace on a night out
       in Manchester
      She's red hot! Gwen Stefani unveiled as new face of Revlon  Her
       trademark bright red lipstick was in evidence as she was named
       brand ambassador
      Gemma Oaten displays her taut abs in steamy New Year's underwear
       selfie as she puts dramatic romance with presenter Nick Knowles
       behind her
      Two weeks to go! Sasha and Malia return from Hawaii with their
       parents after their last family vacation aboard Air Force One Saw
       his grandad's grave
      Taking a gamble on love? Jennifer Lopez and Drake hit high-roller
       tables in Vegas together after she supports him at NYE gig At MGM
       Grand casino
      Celebrity Big Brother tipped to be the 'sexiest yet' as show bosses
       make smaller beds to 'encourage intimacy' between housemates Starts
       this week
      Down she goes! Josie Gibson winces in pain as she takes a tumble on
       her skis during practice session for new series of injury-stricken
       show The Jump
      Pregnant Ciara posts cute photos of her baby bump as she rings in
       2017 with her growing family Expecting her second child
      Coffee date! Vanessa Hudgens rocks cropped sweater and extremely
       tight trousers during outing with boyfriend Austin Butler Both in
       Studio City
      'He really wanted to be in the movie': Robin Williams was turned
       down for iconic Hagrid role in Harry Potter franchise because he
       wasn't British
      Unlikely pals Tallia Storm, 18, and Chris Evans, 50, enjoy beach
       day as they see in the New Year with their families in Barbados
       Firm friendship
      Patrick Schwarzenegger hits pool as he takes girlfriend Abby
       Champion on family holiday in Mexico with Maria Shriver
      Mariah Carey New Years Mariah Carey New Years Dick Clark
       Productions slams Mariah Carey's accusations of sabotage as
       'frankly absurd' after diva's epic lip syncing meltdown she blamed
       on faulty earpiece
      'The loneliness became desperate': Kate Bush describes 'cruel'
       bullying during her teenage years at Catholic girls' school in
       newly resurfaced essay
      Hilary Duff parades her toned pins in skimpy bikini bottoms as she
       tries her hand at surfing during New Year's break to Hawaii Surf's
       up
      New year, old pals! Jonah Hill and Michael Cera enjoy low-key
       Superbad reunion ten years on  Enjoyed a stroll in SoHo district of
       Manhattan
      Bernie Ecclestone, 86, and wife Fabiana Flosi, 38, explore Gstaad
       as they ring in the New Year with the family in Switzerland Winter
       wonderland
      Frances Bean Cobain's battle to get ex to return her late father
       Kurt Cobain's priceless guitar is heading for a multi-million
       dollar court case
      Just another day in paradise! MIC's Louise Thompson and Ryan Libbey
       show off toned beach bodies as they enjoy a snorkel trip in the
       Maldives
      'I'm heartbroken': Fans devastated by Sherlock episode as Amanda
       Abbington takes a bullet after her real-life split from on-screen
       husband Martin Freeman
      Conor McGregor looks sharp in suit at sister Aoife's wedding in
       Ireland... as the UFC superstar continues to enjoy his break from
       the octagon
      Nude ambition! Kady McDermott goes underwear-free in slinky salmon
       dress as she attends Love Island party with leggy Rachel Fenton
      Billie Piper goes incognito in oversized denim jacket during casual
       stroll in London... as ex-husband Laurence Fox talks first
       Christmas alone
      Newly-single Katie Waissel cosies up to a mystery man in Miami...
       weeks after splitting from second husband Brian Moote Marriage
       lasted a year
      'Jumping into 2017 like': Karlie Kloss bares flat midriff in bikini
       as she leaps into the Caribbean In the celebrity haven on St Barths
      Feeling fruity! Lucy Watson shows off her Barbados tan in a
       mismatched bikini as she kicks back on inflatable pineapple with
       shirtless beau James
      Lauren Goodger parties with jailbird boyfriend's sister for New
       Year's Eve as she vows to quit booze for a month Getting close to
       'in-laws'
      In the swim! Naomi Watts enjoys the warm waters off Cancun with
       sons during New Year's family getaway The actress, 48, donned a
       turquoise swimsuit
      'Guess you fd my missus!' Jeremy McConnell accused of sleeping
       with a fan's girlfriend... as pregnant ex Stephanie Davis prepares
       for due date
      That's what girlfriends are for! Katie Salmon helps new squeeze
       Dani avoid an embarrassing nip slip as they put on a loved-up
       display in Manchester
      Georgia May Jagger rocks wild leopard print lingerie and sparkling
       bling as she writhes around in bed for LOVE's Video Advent A walk
       on the wild side
      Hilary Duff shows off her toned torso in a bikini as she larks
       around with son Luca in the Hawaii surf The tot held his famous
       mother's hand
      CHRISTOPHER STEVENS: Sherlock's now so clever-clever, it's stupid
       The Mail's critic pans the New Year's Day special and awards it one
       star
      'It's not a set thing': Ben Affleck won't direct his Batman
       standalone if it doesn't come together to his liking The
       44-year-old actor is picky about his projects
      Glowing Holly Willoughby looks sun-kissed as she enjoys romantic
       beach stroll with shirtless husband Dan Baldwin in Barbados
      She sings! Gisele Bundchen performs sweet track while strumming the
       guitar by pool in new video Clearly a woman of many talents
      Ex On The Beach's Jemma Lucy flashes her pert derriere in skimpy
       purple T-shirt... after going totally NAKED in saucy sunbed selfie
      Making resolutions! Rob Kardashian works up a sweat on a two-hour
       trek with Blac Chyna... days after health scare left him
       hospitalised
      George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz reveals the singer died alone
       after he slept in his car and denies posting tweets saying star had
       tried to kill himself many times
      Newly single Bella Thorne enjoys NYE smooch with model pal Kyra
       Santoro as she rings in 2017 with her girlfriends in the Bahamas
      Lea Michele lays her naked ambition bare as she poses for racy New
       Year snap Completely nude except for an animated frond pasted over
       her derrière
      Now that's one way to RING in the New Year! Ashley Greene flaunts
       her engagement bling as she celebrates 2017 in Sydney with new
       fiancé Paul Khoury
      Lisa Snowdon, 44, showcases her ample assets as she slips into a
       plunging blue bikini in saucy throwback snap from Down Under Bikini
       babe
      'Get your happy aes home!': Kim Zolciak misses daughter Brielle
       Biermann and beau Michael Kopech as they enjoy getaway in Niagara
       Falls
      Shameless actress Tina Malone calls in police after abuse from
       Twitter trolls body-shaming her for weight loss Shameless star
       'upset'
      'The best way to start 2017': Jessica Alba soaks up the sun in a
       bikini as she and her daughters celebrate the New Year on Hawaiian
       beach
      Meghan the budding star: Actress poses for series of publicity
       photos after landing a role in daytime TV show 13 years before she
       met Prince Harry
      'Stand strong and move forward!' Nicole Scherzinger flaunts her
       phenomenal bikini body as she shares her New Year's resolve from
       Hawaii
      'Men think they are there for pleasure': Alicia Douvall says her
       bum implants have ruined her sex life... and is undecided about
       ditching leaking lifts
      Jeremy Clarkson's VERY racy party girls: Grand Tour star is
       pictured with a host of society's most eligible women at New Year's
       Eve party
      Lizzie Cundy, 46, shows off her tanned and toned figure in sizzling
       cut-out monokini as she hits the beach during idyllic Maldives
       getaway
      Mariah Carey kisses Bryan Tanaka in preview clip of reality show
       after he pops out of cake and gives lap dance Preview of her new
       show
      Ashley James flaunts her enviably toned abs in series of sizzling
       skimpy bikinis as she soaks up the sun during exotic break in
       Gambia
      Iconic duo Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell meet 'sad but beautiful' end on
       EastEnders as they drown in New Year's Day special Fans praised
       acting
      Tired of the beach? Covered up Ashley Olsen, 30, caresses shirtless
       beau Richard Sachs, 58, during trail hike in St. Barts This is the
       life
      'Boy crazy!' Ellen Pompeo cradles her newborn son Eli as she dances
       around her kitchen Became a mum for the third time in December
      Steps girls Claire Richards, Faye Tozer and Lisa Scott Lee amp up
       the glamour in glittering ensembles as the band reunite for NYE gig
       at London's G-A-Y
      'Happiest New Year!' Bella Hadid shares selfie blowing on party
       horn as she rings in 2017 with Kendall Jenner and Jordyn Woods
      'Sad when bae leaves': Ariel Winter, 18, pouts over absent Levi
       Meaden,29... after ringing in New Year with a kiss Sulky Snapchat
      Would you dare to wear a FIDDLER CAP? Bella Hadid signals that the
       formerly naff accessory is making an unlikely comeback for 2017
      'Counting my blessings': Karlie Kloss winks as she shows off her
       famous figure in black bikini in St Barts Showing off her model
       body
      Rogue One takes $64M over New Year weekend to become the US's
       second highest grossing film of 2016... as Disney sweeps year-end
       top three
      Chip off the old block! Brooklyn Beckham theatrically dives from
       boat as holiday break in Maldives continues He's got skills!
      'Bodies of every size': Lena Dunham bares cleavage in lingerie for
       New Year's Day photo-shoot Sending a message with racy shot
      'Partner in life!' Rachel Zoe and Rodger Berman share NYE kiss as
       they celebrate 25 years together Midnight smooch
      They tied the knot! UnREAL cco-stars Johanna Braddy and Freddie
       Stroma start 2017 as newlyweds They had been dating since meeting
       in 2015
      'Nose problems': Marco Pierre White Jr shares second horrifying
       nosebleed in days on Snapchat... after hinting they were caused by
       drug use
      If you've got it... Chloe Ferry flashes her derriere as she joins
       the scantily-clad Geordie Shore girls for raucous NYE pool party at
       Charlotte Crosby's lavish mansion
      Hard day's twerk! Bella Thorne dances on the back of a truck in the
       Bahamas Spent a bit of New Year's Day twerking on a stationary
       truck
      'I love my man!' Jessica Simpson shares sultry couple shot with
       husband Eric Johnson New Year, same handsome beau
      Bod Jovi! Shirtless Jon Bon Jovi, 54, shows off his impressive
       physique as he goes for a dip in St Barths It seems he has looked
       good, always
      '1st selfie of the new year!' Ciara shares a picture of her growing
       bump as she supports her man at NFL game Nw baby on the way in 2017
      Andrew Garfield cheers on the Los Angeles Lakers courtside as
       awards season looms for Hacksaw Ridge star Sports fan
      Victoria's Secret stunner Bridget Malcolm flashes underboob as she
       poses TOPLESS on a disco ball to celebrate 2017 in sexy Playboy
       shoot
      'I wish everyone this kind of love!' Kelly Clarkson plants a kiss
       on son Remington for New Year's greeting Gave birth on April 12,
       2016
      'They're perky!': Cynthia Bailey takes RHOA castmates to her breast
       exam... and lets them squeeze her implants Could never be accused
       of being shy
      Check out My Lean physique! Busty Myleene Klass flaunts her famed
       bikini body in TINY two-piece during festive family Sri Lanka trip
       She looked incredible
      Trying to impress? Ansel Elgort enjoys a shirtless workout... as
       girlfriend Violetta Komyshan looks on Enjoyed a productive New
       Year's Day
      Party time! Kendall Jenner steps out in black negligee while Hailey
       Baldwin stuns in white mini dress as the pals celebrate New Year's
       Eve in Hollywood
      Revealed: Jennifer Lopez quietly turned up to support her new beau
       Drake at his NYE show in Las Vegas The 47-year-old showed her
       support
      Living it up! Jamie Foxx welcomes the new year with a boy's night
       in Miami Hit 1 Hotel in the South Beach neighbourhood
      'This isn't a baby, it's just food': Newly-slim Scarlett Moffatt
       says friends asked if she was PREGNANT at her heaviest... as she
       admits she couldn't bare to look at herself naked
      Jeremy McConnell kisses mystery blonde in steamy NYE clinch... days
       before anniversary of CBB romance with pregnant ex Stephanie Davis
      Norman Cook returns home from NYE gig in Italy after a lonely
       Christmas following split from Zoe Ball... while she celebrates six
       months of sobriety
      Louis Tomlinson's ex Briana Jungwirth coos over their giggling son
       Freddie in old family videos... as she reveals that their baby has
       taken his first steps
      Make-up free Chloe Khan shows off natural beauty as well as her
       famously enhanced assets in racy swimsuit selfie at luxurious
       London spa
      Kordell Stewart sends ex Porsha Williams a cease and desist letter
       after nude video of him is leaked on internet The former NFL star
       has threatened legal action
      'It was like when we first got together': Sherlock's Amanda
       Abbington admits it was 'weird' revisiting parenting onscreen with
       now ex Martin Freeman
      James Corden's wife Julia Carey showcases her incredible physique
       in chic scalloped swimsuit as they enjoy Barbados sun on festive
       family jaunt
      Men only! Geordie Shore's Ricci has BANNED GIRLS from his Instagam
       account to avoid 'celeb hungry' dates Good luck stalking him!
      Well, one has to start somewhere! Crown star Claire Foy is seen
       starring in BBC soap Doctors in her first TV role Got a bit part in
       2008
      A dip in the (Car)pool! Doting daddy James Corden larks around with
       son Max on Barbados shore during idyllic New Year getaway A sweet
       display
      'Sun always shines on the righteous': Ring-free Katie Waissel takes
       thinly-veiled swipe at 'second ex-husband Brian after split' as she
       turns to CBB co-star Renee Graziano in Miami
      'I want my body back!' Vicky Pattison shares titillating swimsuit
       selfie as she vows to kick 10lbs and cut back on alcohol in the new
       year Looked smoking hot
      MTV bad girl Jemma Lucy continues to stun as she goes totally NAKED
       in sunbed selfie... after simulating sex act in shock Snapchat clip
       Ex On The Beach star
      Naomi Campbell, 46, shows off her incredibly ageless physique in
       barely-there bikini as she rings in 2017 with blissful beach break
       Still absolutely stunning
       'If I'm feeling unsafe, I won't go out': Corrie's Kevin Kennedy
       reveals the resonating restraints of his alcoholism after 18 years
       sober
      'Do you know what, just pee on the floor':  Rita Ora claims she
       'lost thousands on investment into festival urinating device'... as
       probe into £2.3million fraud swindle rages on
      Back to cause Big Bother? Divisive Spencer Pratt appears to confirm
       rumoured CBB return with wife Heidi as he documents boozy arrival
       in UK
      'How we started 2017!' Proud David Beckham shares sweet snap of his
       family from glamorous beach party in the Maldives... as the stars
       ring in 2017
      'I've felt better': Louis Tomlinson welcomes 2017 with a hungover
       selfie as he prepares for a new year after his mother's tragic
       passing Looked worse for wear
      'You'd have to be thick to think you'd pose with your dead nan':
       Geordie Shore fans leap to the defence of grieving Chloe Ferry
       after she deletes picture with her ailing grandmother
      Spice up your NYE! Victoria Beckham joins Mel C on stage to sing
       their hit tune 2 Become 1 during Maldives celebrations...after
       snubbing recent band reunion
      Adam Thomas' fiancée Caroline Daly shows off endless legs beneath
       slashed jumpsuit as they join his Love Island star twin Scott to
       ring in 2017
      'Mariah's meltdown: Diva botches NYE lip-sync performance and
       STORMS OFF Times Square stage while crying into mic: 'I wanted a
       holiday too. Can't I just have one?'
      Millie Mackintosh and Hugo Taylor pack on the PDA during blissful
       break in South Africa...as the bikini-clad beauty displays some
       painful looking sunburn on her pert posterior
      Oh no, normal people! Robbie Williams is caught on camera applying
       hand sanitiser after singing Auld Lang Syne - and looking suitably
       disgusted
      She's got that Super Bass! Katie Price channels rapper Nicki Minaj
       for NYE bash in buxom bodysuit and hot pink bikini...as she toasts
       to last night drinking for a year
      PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Holly Willoughby flashes her fabulous figure in
       powder blue kaftan during family beach day with husband Daniel
       Baldwin in Barbados
      Oozing star quality! Alexa Chung is the belle of the ball in
       intricate head piece as she toasts the New Year at NYC masquerade
       ball Fancy dress
      This is the life! Lauryn Goodman shows off her curves in racy
       striped bikini as she soaks up the sunshine in Mykonos Lazy
       sunbathing session
      Jake Gyllenhaal maintains his toned physique with a New Year's Eve
       run while on holiday in St. Barts  He surely deserved a vacation
      Such a cheeky boy! Usher posts photo of 'bonita' wife Grace's
       bottom as they welcome the New Year in a hot tub
      Gerard Depardieu displays his portly frame as he strips off his
       shirt during a hot and sweaty rehearsal for his stage show
       in Buenos Aires
      Seas the day! Lizzie Cundy, 46, flaunts her taut stomach and ample
       cleavage in plunging bikini as she celebrates the New Year in the
       Maldives
      Abbey Clancy displays her peachy posterior and lean limbs in a racy
       high-waist swimsuit as she poses for sun-soaked photoshoot Hitting
       the beach
      'Bad and boujee!' Larsa Pippen showcases her enviable figure in
       revealing bikini aboard river cruise  Was the display for the
       benefit of Scottie?
      Family meal-a! Mila Kunis stocks up on food with hubby Ashton
       Kutcher and newborn son Dimitri ahead of NYE
      Rosie O'Donnell calls Trump 'mentally unstable' on Twitter and
       warns America that there are 'less than three weeks to stop him'
      Make-up free Nicole Scherzinger displays her sensational beach body
       in a sun-soaked Hawaiian selfie Shared a stunning bikini-clad
       selfie from a beach
      Well that's one way to worship the sun! Lady Victoria Hervey looks
       radiant in a vibrant floral maxi dress as she offers her palms to
       the sky in Barbados
      Ashley Graham whips off her bikini to pose topless while enjoying
       sunshine holiday She marked the first day of 2017 with a topless
       selfie in The Seychelles
      Transgender model Hari Nef sizzles in slinky purple gown as she
       sings sultry cover of Blue Velvet for Love's video advent
      Single and ready to mingle! Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson mends
       broken heart with girls' NYE night out with bodysuit clad pal Chloe
       Ferry Daring look
      Fans outraged as fake Cheryl Twitter account 'confirms'
       pregnancy...after the singer shares heartfelt New Year's Instagram
       selfie
      'She made disgusting and explicit propositions to my boyfriend':
       Woman slams Katie Price as she claims her infamous Christmas party
       flirtations almost caused relationship split
      'Hello 2017': Ed Sheeran promises new music in five days' time...
       as he appears on social media for the first time in 57 weeks Put
       paid to speculation
      The Angels have arrived! Victoria's Secret models Jasmine Tookes,
       Romee Strijd and Lais Ribeiro sizzle in tiny bikinis while on
       holiday in Brazil
      Frankie Essex shows off her toned and tanned figure in racy
       halter-neck swimsuit and tiny denim shorts as she celebrates two
       stone weight loss
      Twice as nice! Models Doutzen Kroes and Joan Smalls put on a bikini
       display as they meet up on Miami Beach Nice view
      'The 4 things that I love the most': Madonna spends New Year with
       son Rocco Ritchie and his siblings as they ring in 2017 together
       with family ski trip after strained 2016
      Kelly Brook flaunts her ample cleavage and toned stomach in a pink
       printed bikini for sizzling shoot Phenomenal figure
      'My life changed forever!' Coco Austin shares snap of the moment
       she met Ice-T 16 years ago as they celebrate wedding anniversary at
       New Year's Eve bash
      Justin Bieber rings in 2017 with medley of hits during poolside
       performance at historic Fontainebleau Miami Beach He did it in
       styke
      '2017 here we go!' Joanna Krupa gets cheeky with a pretty pal as
       they ring in the New Year in their bikinis Beach babes
      Fifty Shades Darker teases more steamy sex scenes with new TV ad
       The 32-second clip features the film's stars in unseen footage.
      Chloe Khan puts on a VERY busty display as she slips into a sexy
       bunny costume for eye-popping selfie  Saucy
      Pregnant Rochelle Humes shows off her blossoming baby bump in a
       little black dress as she celebrates NYE in the Maldives  Seven
       months pregnant
      Cheeky in Chelsea! Louise Thompson posts racy topless snap before
       flaunting her enviable abs in a sizzling red bikini from the
       sun-soaked Maldives
      Chloe Green suns herself in Miami as her dad Sir Shifty is hoping
       for time away from BHS pension scandal  Hasn't missed out on
       topping up her tan
      Rise and shine! Bikini girl Hilary Duff embraces the new year with
       surf lesson in Hawaii While many around the world were nursing a
       hangover
      A plum start to 2017! Princess Mary rings in the new year dressed
       in a gold gown and deep purple cape as she joins Prince Frederik
       for annual banquet
      She's still got it! Jessica Hart admits she's 'blessed' and 'lucky'
       to still be modelling swimwear at 30 as she returns to Seafolly
       after five years
      Beautiful front and back! Ashley Graham posts rear view topless
       bikini pic as she enjoys tropical getaway Spending the New Year in
       The Seychelles
      SPOILER ALERT: Is Zak Dingle next to be killed in Emmerdale? Lisa
       Dingle discovers Cain's caravan on fire... with her ex-husband
       possibly inside
      'Her tongue freaks me out!' Jessica Simpson's BFF CaCee Cobb posts
       silly selfie while celebrating New Year's Eve Sticking it out
      'No better way to end 2016': Khloe Kardashian's ex Lamar Odom poses
       with his kids in first Instagram post since leaving rehab
      Erica Packer looks glam despite shoulder injury as she enjoys
       family holiday in St Barts... while her 'ex' Seal hits the ski
       slopes with Heidi Klum
      Shirtless Jake Gyllenhaal flaunts hunky physique as he joins
       bikini-clad pal Greta Caruso in exquisite waters during St. Barths
       break
      Blake Lively enjoys low-key New Year's Eve with her Sisterhood Of
       The Traveling Pants BFF Amber Tamblyn Besties since co-starring in
       the 2005 movie
      'Wonder if I will be cold?' Kate Hudson braves a snowy NYE in Aspen
       in nothing but lingerie as she parties hard with pal Chelsea
       Handler
      Jesy Nelson shows off her ripped abs and ample cleavage as she
       rings in the New Year with a gal pal... as Jade Thirlwell
       celebrates with boyfriend Jed Elliott
      Head over heels! Izabel Goulart does cartwheels on the sand in St
       Barts Flawless figure and athletic prowess
      The X Factor's Honey G forgoes her signature hat and glasses as she
       gives rare glimpse at her face during NYE performance...after her
       debut single limps into the midweek chart at 149
      Blac Chyna and Rob Kardashian put on a united front as they
       celebrate New Year's Eve together... as she puts her engagement
       ring back on
      Jacqui Ryland flashes her underwear in a VERY daring sheer lace
       mini dress as she parties hard with pal on New Years Eve
      'Feliz Año!' Shakira embraces her partner and sons for a festive
       New Year's message to her fans Out wth footballer Gerard Piqué
      Dish of the day! Neighbours star Olympia Valance looks to be NAKED
       while posing with a restaurant menu covering her body as she
       flashes the flesh on holiday in Bali
      I'm pregnant! Lauren Conrad reveals baby news with sweet sonogram
       picture on New Year's Day  First child
      Charlotte Dawson continues to flash giant diamond ring as she rings
       in 2017 with a passionate from boyfriend Matt Sarsfield... after
       sparking engagement rumours
      Adele and partner Simon Konecki are said to be 'planning a UK
       wedding after secretly becoming engaged in October'
      Now that's a Happy New Year! Khloe Kardashian kisses Tristan
       Thompson as they ring in 2017 together Pucker up
      Take That Gary! Simon Cowell calls in the lawyers over rival
       Barlow's new BBC 'X Factor imitation' talent show Let It Shine
      That's one passionate midnight kiss! Miley Cyrus shares her New
       Year's cinch with fiancé Liam Hemsworth as they attend New Year's
       Eve party with his brother Chris and her mum Tish
      Blac Chyna shows off post-baby curves in a plunging dress as she
       heads out to celebrate New Year's Eve Got a lot on her plate
      Beach babe! Heather Graham, 46, flashes her long legs and toned
       midriff on trip to Miami with her boyfriend Endless legs
      'All is as it should be!' Katy Perry dons surgical mask to see in
       the New Year with lover Orlando Bloom on Tokyo sidewalk Worried
       about germs?
      The No 1 lady detective's New Year resolutions: A truly delightful
       misadventure starring Precious, Botswana's top sleuth
      Jasmine Lennard axed from CBB All Stars series 'for making
       anti-Muslim comments'... after being replaced by Jasmin Waltz
       before the show's debut
      Celebrate good times, c'mon! Amy Adams stocks up on alcohol ahead
       of New Year's Eve celebration  Party preparations
      She's smitten! Britney Spears shares cuddly snap after celebrating
       New Year with new love Sam Asghari The couple seem inseparable
      'ISIS claims responsibility for Mariah Carey's performance': Social
       media mercilessly trashes diva for her epic New Year's Eve meltdown
       on Times Square stage
      Bradley Cooper heads out for healthy jog in LA while 'pregnant'
       girlfriend Irina Shayk spends New Year in her native Russia Settle
       down, ladies!
      Now Sheila Hancock, 83, shuns make-up: Actress reveals she didn't
       wear any during her latest film  She defied producers to be more
       'real' on screen
      '2016 is almost over!' John Legend shares cute snap with Chrissy
       Teigen on his back as the couple spend New Year's Eve in St. Barts
       Photogenic couple
      Thatkiss Neverbeen! Jennifer Lawrence reveals she has never had a
       New Year's Eve kiss How can that be?
      'Hey': Teen Kylie Jenner shows off her curves in green bra and
       panties as she takes last mirror selfie of 2016 The KUWTK star
       posed in her bathroom mirror
      Nicki Minaj shows off her ample assets in plunging silver jumpsuit
       as she rings in 2017 with Miami gig... after replacing Jennifer
       Lopez at the last minute
      'One of the most eventful and exciting years of my life': Ivanka
       Trump pays tribute to 2016 as she celebrates New Year's Eve and
       Hanukkah with her husband and children
      'Toddler headbutt!': Jason Biggs starts the New Year with a black
       eye from two-year-old son Sid He enjoyed his first day of 2017 with
       a shiner
      'I've got so much sht on this girl!': Maria Fowler hits back at
       Danielle Lloyd in candid Snapchat video after the model retweeted a
       controversial message
      SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Olympian Sir Matthew Pinsent's wife is
       drafted in to boost Kate, William and Harry's charity Paid to
       instil a work ethic
      A rumble in the jungle, baby joy and THAT Beau Ryan 'affair': A
       look at how far Barry Hall and Lauren Brant have come as they
       prepare for 2017
      'Girl power!' Naomi Watts rings in the new year as a single
       woman... with a bikini trip to Mexico   She's starting the new year
       as a single woman
      SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Maria Connor can barely look at lover Aidan
       as the jailbird comes face to face with him for the first time
       since he left her to fight alone in court
      'Peace out 2016!' Jessica Alba ends the year exploring Hawaiian
       rainforests with her loved ones
      Katie Piper channels the eighties in wild leopard print costume as
       she attends New Year's Eve fancy dress party with husband Richard
       Sutton
      'Golden New Year with the family!' Chris Hemsworth rings in 2017
       with his wife Elsa Pataky, his brother Liam and Miley Cyrus
      Happy New Year from Hawaii... via Somerset: Peter Andre ushers in
       2017 with wife Emily MacDonagh and his children at tropical themed
       party
      Bottoms up! Lady Victoria Hervey displays her enviably slender
       frame and peachy derriere in skimpy blue bikini as she tries her
       hand at paddle boarding in Barbados
      'Cutest thing ever!' Nicole Kidman's surprise 'happy' dance at
       Keith Urban's NYE show in Nashville thrills fans... but leaves some
       asking if she's had a bit too much to drink
      Fergie and Hailee Steinfield flash the flesh in skin flaunting
       ensembles as they ring in 2017 in style on Dick Clark's New Year's
       Rockin' Eve
      'Thankful': Sofia Vergara looks incredible in strapless dress while
       vacationing in Bora Bora for husband Joe Manganiello's birthday
      'Oh Jesus, this is the best fireworks show ever!' Scott Eastwood
       gets VERY excited during New Year's Eve celebrations in Sydney
       Harbour
      'So glad 2017 is finally here': Iggy Azalea hoping for 'better
       vibe' in the New Year after 2016 saw ex-fiancé Nick Young cheat on
       her, X Factor flop, and Guy Sebastian brand her a 'weirdo'
      Having an auld lang fine time! Gwen Stefani locks lips with Blake
       Shelton as they enjoy family New Year's Eve Smooch
      We can be heroes! Nicole Kidman dances on stage beside hubby Keith
       Urban as he performs amazing New Year's tribute to 2016's fallen
       greats
      Shanina Shaik sports a racy green dress as she supports DJ Ruckus
       at a New Year's Eve gig in Miami No stranger to sporting racy
       ensembles
      'Let's do this!' Mariah Carey is carried to the stage by her beau
       Bryan Tanaka as she preps for New Year's Eve show in Times Square
      It must be true love! Kylie Jenner gets a lower-case T for Tyga
       tattoo'd on her ankle... her SIXTH inking so far
      New Years goals! Doutzen Kroes showcases killer bikini body as she
       cosies up to husband Sunnery James on beach in Cancun
      What a Dream day! Blac Chyna begins new year with Rob Kardashian
       and daughter after dramatic split
      'You will survive': MAFS' Zoe Hendrix and Alex Garner reflect on an
       eventful 2016 which saw them welcome first child after
       heartbreaking miscarriage
      'What a year it's been!': Kris Jenner kicks off New Year's Eve
       Instagram messages by sharing collage and acknowledging 2016 was
       rocky
      William Christopher, best known for his portrayal of Father Mulcahy
       on the hit 70s TV show MASH, dies of cancer at age 84
      GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Pippa's family are trying to save the pennies
       as her wedding is set to cost a fortune  The family's online store
       has launched a sale.
      GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Star Wars Carrie and her TV hunt for Prince
       Harry She once led chat show host Graham Norton on a quest to find
       the Prince
      GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Heartache as sad Alice starts 2017... with
       divorce Alice Eve has formally separated from her husband
      GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Lovelorn Cara's LA dash to rekindle her
       romance Absence has made the heart grow fonder for supermodel
      SPOILER ALERT: EastEnders' Ronnie Mitchell looks grim-faced at
       wedding to Jack Branning... before making dramatic exit from the
       show with troubled sister Roxy
      New Year's Eve party can really begin now - Usain Bolt's arrived!
       Sprinter flies into UK to celebrate his beloved Manchester United's
       victory by partying with goalscorer Paul Pogba
      'I miss LA': Chloe Lattanzi admits she's homesick after moving from
       California to Oregon with her fiancé to start a marijuana farm
       business
      'My dude is HOT': Miley Cyrus admires her fiancé Liam Hemsworth as
       they attend a New Year's Eve party with his brother Chris and wife
       Elsa Pataky
      Ending the year on a bang! Reality star Courtney Stodden poses in
       white lace lingerie as she says 'bye 2016'
      The Price Is Right! Radio personality Steve Price 'will join Lisa
       Curry in the South African jungle for I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out
       Of Here!'
      Victoria's Secret model Megan Williams displays her sensational
       beach body in a black bikini as she frolics in the ocean in St
       Barts with her boyfriend
      Nicki Minaj displays ample cleavage in sexy Instagram post in wake
       of deadly shooting outside concert of on-again, off-again beau Meek
       Mill
      Emma Forbes, 51, shows off stunning figure in chic scalloped
       swimsuit as she heads to the beach in Barbados with husband Graham
       Clempson
      Denim darling! Jenna Dewan shows off her fit form in a black
       bodysuit with jeans and leopard print booties while out in LA

   Boohoo
   MailOnline iPad app


MORE DON'T MISS

      The bare cheek of her! Millie Mackintosh shares completely NAKED
       Instagram during sun-soaked break to South Africa after she denies
       boob job
      Flip Or Flop's Christina El Moussa reflects on her 'crazy year' of
       'highs and lows' on Instagram after split with husband Tarek
      'Are bones in fashion?': Scarlett Moffatt receives cruel jibes from
       online trolls unimpressed by her drastic body transformation
      Delicious irony: Emilia Fox on her new TV role as a caddish chef's
       lover (where DID she find the inspiration, Marco?)
      Russell Crowe's estranged wife Danielle Spencer, 47, looks youthful
       and fit as she steps out in gym clothes before New Year's Eve party
       in Sydney
      A picture is worth a thousand words! Shane Warne has a family photo
       of himself and ex-fiancée Elizabeth Hurley together with all of
       their children on his BATHROOM wall
      Keeping Up With Jonathan Cheban! Kim Kardashian's pal hangs in
       Miami with Ansel Elgort and Rob 'The Gronk' Gronkowski Going out
       yachting
      Better the devil you know! Pop group Steps 'will release a new
       album in 2017... as they perform New Year's Eve reunion show at
       London's G-A-Y club'
      Tamara Ecclestone rocks festive onesie for elaborate Frozen-themed
       NYE with sister Petra Stunt and sweet daughter Sophia, 2, in Gstaad
      Always a supermodel! Alessandra Ambrosio sizzles in sexy black swim
       suit as she poses by a pool for a pal Was in Santa Catarina in her
       native Brazil
      'I will fing shoot and ask questions later!': RHOA star Kenya
       Moore pulls a gun on three trespassers at her Atlanta mansion
      'I've shed my last tear of 2016': Rebecca Adlington tells this year
       to 'do one' on Twitter... after splitting from husband Harry Needs
      'He loves to cuddle mummy!': Katie Price shares cute photo of son
       Harvey asleep on her before filming him singing dance classic I
       Love You Baby
      Happy New Year from Kylie Jenner! Reality star poses with bestie
       Jordyn Woods in Hello Kitty Snapchat filter They closed out 2016 in
       a casual fashion
      Jorgie Porter looks casually chic in fluffy jacket and leather
       leggings as she heads out after another winning performance in
       panto Snow White
      He's a ladies' man! Scott Eastwood enjoys a Sydney Harbour cruise
       with a group of VERY glamorous women including The Bachelor's Lisa
       Hyde
      She's a perfect 10! Maria Menounos shows off her beautiful bikini
       body on romantic beach break in Mexico with fiancé Keven Undergaro
      'We've made something very complete': Benedict Cumberbatch hints
       new Sherlock series may be the last after revealing it will be
       'hard to follow'
      Ready for wedding! RHONY's Luann De Lesseps, 51, is lovely in white
       during rehearsal dinner night before Palm Beach nuptials to Tom
       D'Agostino
      Just the girls! Makeup-free Lea Michele rocks leggings and
       sweatshirt as she spends quality time with mom Edith Sarfati
      'Seychelles!' Ashley Graham shows off her perfect waist in a bikini
       as she enjoys the island life with husband Justin Ervin
      'You just got knocked the f out': Justin Bieber slams old foe
       Ronda Rousey after she got beaten up by Amanda Nunez in UFC fight
      Michael Jackson's doctor Conrad Murray promises to tell late pop
       singer's three children 'the truth' about their parentage
      It's almost 2017! Hailee Steinfeld dons plunging mini dress with
       fishnet nylons ahead of performance for Dick Clark's New Year's
       Rockin' Eve
      Not so mellow yellow! Tallia Storm flaunts her incredibly toned
       stomach in sizzling skimpy bikini as she rings in the New Year in
       Barbados
      TOWIE's Kate Wright flaunts her enviably peachy derriere in a sheer
       glittering skirt as she parties in Dubai Tumultuous year saw her
       split with Dan Edgar
      The truth about Bobby and me: A new drama starring Michelle Keegan
       takes us inside the doomed marriage of Bobby and Tina Moore -
       football's first golden couple
      Ryan Phillippe credits ex wife Reese Witherspoon for their daughter
       Ava's Instagram fame but says their girl is 'incredibly talented'
      Scarlett Moffatt displays her taut stomach in skimpy red crop top
       as she shares candid behind-the-scenes selfie following her
       dramatic three stone weight loss
      Blue beauty! Chloe Goodman shows off her buxom figure in plunging
       pastel swimwear as she hits the beach on Mexican winter break
       Certainly looks at home by the sea
      Wayne Rooney prostitute Jenny Thompson shows off her incredible
       figure in a hot pink bikini as she hits the beach in Dubai  Soon to
       be on Ex On The Beach
      Shirtless George Lineker displays his sculpted physique on the
       beach in Barbados  The 24-year-old son of England footballer Gary
      Out with a splash! Brooklyn Beckham shows off his dance moves on
       Instagram before celebrating New Year with Gordon Ramsay's son Jack
       Aspiring photographer
      Miranda Kerr's mother Therese shares beautiful snaps of son's
       same-sex wedding to longtime partner James Wright
      Winter wonderland! Kelly Ripa bundles up in beanie and mittens for
       hike in snowy Colorado She celebrated her 20th wedding anniversary
       in May
      'The most magical day of my life': Orange Is The New Black's Samira
       Wiley reveals her romantic proposal from Lauren Morelli
      With her amor! Bethenny Frankel, 46, flaunts toned bikini body as
       she splashes around with boyfriend Dennis Shields in Mexico
       Lounging beach-side in Mexico on Friday
      SPOILER ALERT: Devastating new Coronation Street story line sees
       Michelle Connor lose her baby at 23 weeks... after actress Kym
       Marsh endured the same tragedy in 2009
      Filthy jokes, cosy lunches, outrageous gossip - the secrets of
       Diana's VERY flirty friendship with George Michael They held true
       superstar status
      Future trendsetter! Kaia Gerber rocks jean skirt and black bikini
       during family vacation with her mother Cindy Crawford in St. Barts
       The 15-year-old and her family were in St. Barts
      'She said yes': Love Island couple Olivia Buckland and Alex Bowen
       announce their engagement... after he proposes with diamond
       encrusted ring
      'You pompous white btch!': Azealia Banks launches a foul-mouthed
       racist tirade against Sia after the pop star criticized the
       self-proclaimed witch for sacrificing chickens
      New Year, new bikini! Ashley James hits the beach in a skimpy
       two-piece while Zara Holland and Vogue Williams soak up the sun as
       they lead the stars celebrating New Year
      Is Katie Price returning to Celebrity Big Brother? New teaser clip
       shows busty housemate discussing their marriage woes She was
       crowned winner of the 2015 series
      Lowe and behold! Daisy flaunts her hourglass curves in a lacy black
       bra and hotpants in sultry selfie Looking back at 2016 favourably
      That's awkward! The Bachelor BFFs Noni Janur and Kirralee 'Kiki'
       Morris wear the SAME sequin playsuit as they celebrate New Year's
       Eve
      Daring to bare! Lauryn Goodman flashes the flesh in sheer plunging
       ensemble as she glams up for jewellery shopping trip  Cut an
       eye-catching figure in Mykonos
      Debbie Reynolds 24-hour movie marathon will air on TCM in January
       with such hits as Singin' In The Rain and The Unsinkable Molly
       Brown
      Tamara Ecclestone covers herself in gold glitter as she goes
       topless in sultry shoot to ring in the New Year  She's always the
       life and soul of the party
      'Crashed the boys' day': Chloe Madeley sports tweed outfit and a
       feather in her cap as she joins beau James for pheasant shoot
       Shared a snap of her holding a shotgun
      The X Factor's Honey G suffers major setback as her debut single
       limps into the midweek chart at 149 The track has struggled to make
       an impact
      Shia LaBeouf and partner Mia Goth shun Hollywood glamour as they
       step out in low key baggy ensembles
      Caroline Wozniacki, Emmy Rossum, and Rachel Hunter among the first
       celebrities to ring in the new year as they welcome 2017 from New
       Zealand
      Nancy Shevell, 57, showcases her toned pins in stylish navy
       two-piece as she enjoys late night dip with husband Paul McCartney,
       74, in St Barts
      Paul McCartney's wife Nancy Shevell, 57, shows off her sensational
       bikini body as she frolics on the beach in St Barts
      The look of love! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber share a very
       public kiss as they vacation in St. Barts The couple were seen
       gazing lovingly into each other's eyes
      Charlotte Dawson sparks engagement rumours as she flashes giant
       diamond on passionate date with Matt Sarsfield...  after calling
       him 'The One' Dated for a month
      The torment of my darling Carrie: Hollywood legend DEBBIE REYNOLDS
       died just hours after her daughter. Here, is a poignant extract
       from her autobiography
      I'll have what she's having! Sports Illustrated stunner Hailey
       Clauson strips down to her lingerie as she saucily recreates When
       Harry Met Sally for LOVE's Video Advent
      Jennifer Lopez, 47, 'is having fun' with Drake, 30, as it's claimed
       their relationship isn't serious... after they share steamy kiss at
       Vegas bash
      Pantomime starring Scotty T cancelled MINUTES before it was due to
       start... after the reality star walked out amid claims he was
       underpaid
      Holding on tight! Ashley Olsen, 30, gets bear hug from beau Richard
       Sachs, 58, as they party in St. Barts The former Full House star
       was dressed in a plunging black dress
      Bringing up the rear! Sizzling Sara Sampaio shows off her pert
       posterior and svelte figure in bright bikini on Mexican holiday
       Showing off her stunning frame
      Newlywed life! Margot Robbie returns to social media since tying
       the knot with beau Tom Ackerley as she shares a holiday snap while
       enjoying a game of football with friends
      'And people say we have no talent...': Kourtney Kardashian shares
       clip of mum Kris belting out karaoke classics on their Aspen
       holiday
      Plaid you came! Model sisters Gigi and Bella Hadid cut stylish
       figures in figure-hugging ensembles in Aspen  The model sisters
       were sure to display their enviable sartorial ways
      Rosamund Pike beams as her son Solo, four, chats to a fireman after
       they were 'evacuated' for 30 minutes following incident near their
       London home
      'First kiss from auntie KiKi!' Kim Kardashian cradles her BFF Joyce
       Bonelli's newborn twins She's said she would love a large family
      'You look 25 again': X Factor winner Sam Bailey, 39, appears
       'younger everyday' as she posts a string of REMARKABLY flawless
       selfies
      Turning the other cheek! Lady Victoria Hervey flaunts her
       stunningly svelte frame in a bold lime green swimsuit Stepping out
       in Bridgetown, Barbados
      'Tough job!': Kim Kardashian has body makeup applied in some VERY
       intimate places in behind the scenes snap from VMAs Make up
       artist's secrets
      Jennifer Lopez grinds on new beau Drake before the two share a
       kiss... while their duet plays in the background Kissing, grinding
       and dancing the night away
      'I get to love him forever!' Bachelor vet Selma Alameri marries
       Patrick Daniels in intimate city hall ceremony after six month
       engagement
      New year, new Sherlock: Benedict Cumberbatch on marriage, children
       - and why we'll see a very different side to the supersleuth in the
       new series
      My haven, Rick Astley: The singer and songwriter, 50, in the
       recording studio at his home in Surrey Rick Astley shows us around
       his recording studio
      Making waves! Alessandra Ambrosio drops jaws in tiny yellow bikini
       The 35-year-old was in Santa Catarina on Friday with her family
      'Not all the senators think I'm insane': General Leia deleted scene
       from The Force Awakens surfaces online days after Carrie Fisher's
       death
      Carrie Fisher autopsy conclusion gets 'deferred' because cause of
       death 'is not obvious' The 60-year-old actress suffered a cardiac
       arrest
      'I am filled with gratitude': Bachelor's Alex Nation reflects on a
       landmark 2016 as her son Elijah, six, spends New Year's Eve with
       his father Joel Porter
      'It's magical they are together': Todd Fisher reveals how it was
       Debbie Reynolds' 'destiny' to be with his sister Carrie Fisher as
       'he watched her will herself to die'
      How I got my voice back: Dumped by the BBC, Sir Tom Jones is back
       on The Voice for its first ITV series. Here, he tells how his TV
       return is helping him cope with the loss of his wife
      A dozen less lonely girls! Justin Bieber flashes his tattoos as he
       looks delighted to greet bikini-clad Beliebers in Barbados Looked
       to be in great spirits
      Serena Williams flashes gold ring on Snapchat after touching down
       in New Zealand with new fiance Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian
      New year, new me: Marnie Simpson confirms she and Lewis Bloor have
       split on Twitter after revealing she is 'starting the new year with
       a break up'
      'Go home Heather. You're drunk': The Bachelor's Heather Maltman
       attends New Year's Eve party in a nightdress as she admits she had
       too much to drink
      Heather Graham shows off her bikini body while on the beach in
       Miami with boyfriend producer Tommy Alastra
      She's got great jeans! Make-up free Kate Hudson rocks denim
       snowsuit as she looks exhausted after a day hitting the slopes in
       Aspen
      Kris Jenner and Melanie Griffith go shopping in Aspen as they
       prepare to see in the New Year in the Rockies resort Spotted
       strolling arm-in-arm
      'You made me cry because it was so beautiful!' Miley Cyrus breaks
       down in tears as she hears young cancer patient sing at children's
       hospital
      Leelee Sobieski hits the beach in St. Barts in stripy one-piece as
       she enjoys Caribbean getaway with hubby The swimsuit drew attention
       to the actress's shapely legs
      Fight night! Mickey Rourke  and Eric Roberts attend screening of
       Ronda Rousey documentary in Hollywood
      Fantastic four-some! Jessica Alba rocks relaxed island vibe in
       peekaboo kaftan as she poses for selfie with husband Cash and their
       two daughters
      Don't drop the ball! Mariah Carey is assigned special team to make
       sure she isn't late for Times Square NYE gig The diva is set to
       ring in 2017
      'I hope it helps raise awareness': Corrie's Kym Marsh relives her
       devastating miscarriage pain in a bid to educate others Actress
       lost her son Archie at 21 weeks
      SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Lady Anna Gordon, who works for Prince
       Charles, it set to become the first ever aristocrat to have a gay
       wedding
      Party time! Kendall Jenner flashes nipple in sheer bra as she
       cosies up to Kylie in festive snap Photo on Friday showed the
       sisters at a bash
      Kourtney Kardashian and estranged partner Scott Disick take to the
       slopes for another day of skiing during family getaway with kids In
       Aspen on Friday
      'I've been through some s!' Keke Palmer tells fans she was
       sexually abused as she promotes new book via Facebook Live Scream
       Queen star's success is hard-earned
      Alessandra Ambrosio displays killer body in racy cut-out swimsuit
       as she documents the start of her New Year celebrations in Brazil
       on Instagram
      Need a LiLo? Lindsay Lohan flashes her cleavage in chic white
       bikini as she braves the freezing cold sea during her winter break
       in Abu Dhabi
      Off to bed! Samantha Womack slips into her pyjamas as she leaves
       theatre in Milton Keynes... as her panto co-star Stacey Solomon
       tries to make a low-key exit
      Madison Beer flaunts her incredible figure in a retro bikini as she
       stops for a picnic in Miami with Vine star boyfriend Jack Gilinksy
      First clip of Emma Watson singing in Beauty in the Beast is leaked
       by release of musical Belle doll in stores
      'Laughter is the word of the day': Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna
       get the giggles en route to scenic Florida getaway with dad John
       Legend
      Carrie Fisher's death will trigger biggest EVER personal accident
       insurance claim after Disney took out £41MILLION policy in case she
       couldn't finish Star Wars films
      'I'm literally blue': Bella Thorne shows off her stained cheeks and
       ear after dying her hair ultramarine...while on her way to the
       Bahamas Revealed lingering colour on Snapchat
      Hammer time! Gwen Stefani and her boys sing along to U Can't Touch
       This at Blake Shelton's Oklahoma ranch Epic dance party
      Shirtless Mark Wahlberg displays his enviable six-pack as he hits
       the beach in Barbados with stunning wife Rhea
      Beach babe Izabel Goulart shows off impeccably toned tum in skimpy
       pink bikini as she tops up her tan in St Barts
      'Kickin' mountain butt!' Julianne Hough goes snowboarding with her
       sister Marabeth in new Instagram picture  Having a blast in the
       mountains
      She's a model mom! Alessandra Ambrosio gets in a mess with her kids
       as they play Pieface Showdown Messy fun
      Puppy love! Glam Danielle Lloyd takes her boys and cute pet puppy
       food shopping... as she 'retweets bizarre rant against rival Maria
       Fowler'  A doting mum
      Engaged! TV producer Greg Berlanti and LA Galaxy winger Robbie
       Rogers announce plans to wed Posted a sweet photograph online
      TOWIE's Kate Wright wows in a saucy bathroom selfie as she shows
       off her ample assets in stunning swimwear while holidaying in Dubai
      Screen legend Debbie Reynolds 'to be buried in her favourite red
       dress suit' in joint funeral with her daughter Carrie Fisher after
       the pair died just a day apart
      HBO moves up premiere date for Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds
       documentary Bright Lights The US channel will air the show next
       week
      'That was really hard!' Eva Longoria bemoans jet pack fail after
       crashing into water during holiday in Mexico The 41-year-old was in
       the air for just seconds
      'This one felt good' A very generous Dwayne Johnson surprises his
       dad with a shiny new car for the holidays Star posted his thanks
       for father's sacrifices
      Is THAT why they split? Mariah Carey found James Packer's Hunter
       Valley estate 'a little too outback' during brief holiday in
       Australia 'She was not impressed'
      'Happy New Year!' Mariah Carey makes gingerbread houses with the
       twins Passing on the holiday traditions to Moroccan and Monroe
      'Never too old for a bikini': Davina McCall, 49, shows off her
       impeccably toned abs in a colourful two-piece She's a fitness
       enthusiast ready to spread the word
      'Her life was the red carpet': Zsa Zsa Gabor's husband gives
       touching eulogy at her funeral... as he reveals Kirk Douglas helped
       star after stroke
      'Feelin' beachy!' Bethenny Frankel shows off her slim figure in a
       sexy two-tone bikini while on holiday in Mexico
      Cheers! Christina El Moussa shares champagne toast with new beau
       Gary Anderson's daughter in snowy Utah after split from hubbby
       Tarek
      Nicole Kidman, Reese Witherspoon, and Drew Barrymore to present at
       next week's Golden Globes Fellow presenter Laura Dern co-stars in
       HBO's Big Little Lies
      She's Dunn it again! Model Jourdan shows off unbelievably long legs
       and enviably toned figure in another bikini snap from idyllic
       Barbados break British beauty
      Belles of the ball! Daughters of the world's most elite and wealthy
       families splash out more than $100K on gowns and glitz to attend
       the 62nd International Debutante Ball
      'Kisses from my baby girl': Victoria Beckham shares cute snap of
       Harper writing 'I love mummy and daddy' on the sand during Maldives
       break
      Teen Mom 2's Chelsea DeBoer is 'kind of freaking out' about
       welcoming second child The 25-year-old and her husband of two
       months, Cole, are planning for a natural birth in February
      EXCLUSIVE: How Kenny Goss, the love of George Michael's life, has
       quietly found a new partner and dedicated himself to the foundation
       he and the singer set up for young artists
      Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban arrive back in LA with their
       daughters after spending Christmas with their family in Australia
      Busty Lauryn Goodman shows off her extremely peachy posterior in a
       gold swimsuit on Mykonos beach break Been on a new diet
      The tragic tale of Sia's first love: Death of boyfriend Daniel
       Pontifex in 1997 led to downward spiral which almost claimed her
       life... as she files for divorce
      Sia files for divorce from husband Erik Anders Lang due to
       'irreconcilable differences' after two years of marriage
      'Pimp my ride': Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi posts
       VERY busty selfie on New Year's Eve as she shows off her car's
       interior
      'Has it got good legs and smell good?': Ritchie Neville compares
       women to wine as Thom Evans strips off on Take Me Out celebrity
       special  They've all been unlucky-in-love
      Emma Forbes, 51, gives a saucy flash of cleavage in daring plunging
       swimsuit as she shows off slender figure on the beach in Barbados
      Some-ring to smile about? Giddy Adele sports THAT glittering
       'wedding band' on day out with son Angelo... amid speculation she's
       married Simon Konecki
      'Thanks for toning me up'! MIC's Louise Thompson sports sexy
       scarlet swimsuit as she thanks her personal trainer beau for
       transforming her body
      What a rock! Gilmore Girl's Danny Strong announces his engagement
       to indie actress Caitlin Mehner with snap of the stunning diamond
       ring
      'Real witches do real things': Azealia Banks shares bizarre video
       of herself cleaning feathers and blood from closet after three
       years sacrificing chickens
      Joe Jones steps out hand in hand with Sophie Turner and brother
       Nick in Miami after his ex got engaged  Game of Thrones star in
       Miami on Friday
      Mom's the word! Sarah Jessica Parker rocks casual chic as she
       visits Washington DC with twin daughters Shopping with Tabitha and
       Marion on Friday
      Making a splash! Real Housewives star Dorit Kemsley flashes
       cleavage and killer post-baby physique while cuddling daughter on
       beach in bikini
      This Christmas, I give you the charts: Best-loved singles and
       albums of the late George Michael dominate festive record sales...
       as debate over his new music rages on
      PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Madonna, 58, shows youngest children Mercy and
       David how to take the slopes of Switzerland in style as they enjoy
       festive trip
      The EX Factor! Singer Christopher Maloney splits with fiancé Gary
       Doran after two-year engagement Maloney, 38, got down on one knee
       in 2015
      'My boy!' Sofia Vergara smoulders for the camera as she celebrates
       Joe Manganiello's birthday in Bora Bora
      TRHOOC's Meghan King Edmonds 'back to blonde' after welcoming
       daughter Aspen The 32-year-old new mother ended her '9 month ombré
       hiatus' at her 'fave St. Louis salon!'
      I'm back! Evan Rachel Wood grins happily as she braves the holiday
       crowds to jet into Los Angeles Llooking pretty dashing in yellow on
       Friday
      'It's not so funny!' Ryan Seacrest gets stuck in elevator on his
       way to film Good Morning America and snaps selfies with fellow
       passengers
      Bikini-clad Jacqueline Jossa shows off her figure as she packs on
       the PDA with fiancé Dan Osborne in Mexico... after lashing out at
       cruel body shamers
      'He knows everything about her': Danielle Lloyd is 'worried'
       ex-husband Jamie O'Hara and former gal pal Nicola McLean will spill
       her secrets on CBB
      'Same smile but much healthier!' Scarlett Moffatt reflects on three
       stone weight loss in before and after snap as she shows off slim
       figure in racy bodysuit
      No luck at bingo? 'Homeless' Danniella Westbrook grabs lunch at
       budget eatery after spending the evening gambling  Snack break
      'No, I haven't had a boob job! Millie Mackintosh shows off her
       cleavage in a bust-boosting retro bikini on romantic break to South
       Africa
      TOWIE's Kate Wright flaunts her ample bust and tiny waist in a
       skimpy black bikini as she soaks up the sun in Dubai Works out
       every day
      Move aside, Pammy! Tallia Storm, 18, does her best Baywatch
       impression in a red swimsuit on Barbados getaway with pal Chris
       Evans, 50
      Newly-single Vogue Williams snaps a sizzling selfie in a retro
       black bikini and chic fedora as she moves on from Laurence Fox
       split Irish model
      Busy mum Coleen Rooney flaunts her toned pins in snake-print
       leggings as she grabs a quick coffee after busy family Christmas
       Hitting the gym?
      'Please tell me the baby isn't wearing earrings!': Sallie Axl faces
       backlash after sharing snap of her daughter, six months, in face
       mask and jewellery
      Peter's mini-me! Junior Andre busts out some serious moves as he
       dances alongside Princess in cute video Wonder where he gets it
       from?
      Jessie Wallace layers up in biker boots and a leather jacket as she
       heads to theatre rehearsals in Southampton  Keeping things casual
      Chloe Grace Moretz hits the slopes with her brothers in Telluride
       after recently battling a 'mega-virus' Looked in great spirits
       during the family trip
      General Hospital actress Barbara Tarbuck dies of human mad cow
       disease at 74 14-year run on the ABC soap from 1996 until 2010
      Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher WILL be buried in joint funeral,
       Todd Fisher confirms, as he's picutred visitng the cemetery to plan
       the service
      Here's to a bright fuchsia! Newly-slim Frankie Essex is the
       ultimate beach babe in Spain... as she prepares to ring in New Year
       2st lighter
      Lindsay Lohan relaxes in bikini top and shorts as she suns herself
       in Abu Dhabi... day after revealing she's 'pushing' for Mean Girls
       sequel
      PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hanks's new granddaughter emerges in public
       for first time after troubled son Chet credits baby for newfound
       sobriety
      Desperately Seeking Bertram! Cheeky Rose displays her ample
       cleavage and peachy derriere in a lace bustier as she stars in day
       30 of LOVE advent
      No nip-slip today M'Lady? Victoria Hervey makes waves on a jet-ski
       in Barbados as she showcases her washboard abs in a sizzling white
       bikini
      Photographer who captured the iconic picture of Carrie Fisher
       watching mum Debbie Reynolds on stage reveals the pair's adoring
       relationship
      Young love! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look cosy as
       they cuddle up in flirty Snapchat video... as they enjoy skiing
       getaway in Switzerland
      Briana Jungwirth's stepfather threatens owner of One Direction fan
       sites with lawsuit over comments made about her and ex Louis
       Tomlinson
      Ashley James puts on a very busty display in a white string bikini
       as she enjoys a sun-soaked beach day in Dubai She's a firm advocate
       of body confidence
      They should be so lucky! Pop star Kylie Minogue leaves staff in a
       small Scottish sweet shop 'spinning around' with a surprise visit
       to buy dolly mixtures
      Clifford T.I. Harris 'tries to convince Tameka Tiny Cottle to end
       divorce proceedings' It seemed like their love story was all over
      Robert Kennedy Jr. says he's PROUD of son Conor who is facing a
       year in jail after 'beating a man who used homophobic slur and then
       resisting arrest
      Kim Cattrall hits back at the 'distant relatives' accusing her of
       replacing their mother's gravestone with one bizarrely bearing her
       OWN NAME by claiming they're not even family
      Mexi-glow! Make-up free Eva Longoria shows off her trim figure in
       khaki bikini on beach holiday Snapchat She is used to glamming up

      Today's headlines
      Most Read

      We are proof Dry January really IS worth doing: 5 drinkers who gave
       up alcohol for a month reveal their...
      Queue here for UK's £1bn foreign aid cashpoint: Just when you
       thought it couldn't get any worse... YOUR cash...
      Blindfolded British couple found hanged in Cambodia with their
       hands tied together and 'a suicide note...
      How to beat the cough that is plaguing our QUEEN and COUNTRY: Avoid
       cold and dry air, but keep moving around
      Harrods restaurant staff 'lose £5,000 a year because the store
       won't pass on tips': Workers plan protest...
      Britons spend six times more on rail fares than Europeans do:
       Commuters spending a seventh of their income...
      Camera queen Kate snaps up an honour: Duchess is commended by the
       Royal Photographic Society for her images...
      Orkney 'seeks independence from Scotland': Islanders consider their
       options following Brexit vote
      Man is shot dead by police on sliproad to the M62 in 'pre-planned
       operation'
      Incredible moment a two-year-old boy saves his twin from being
       crushed beneath a fallen dresser
      British soldier dies in Iraq but their death is 'not as the result
       of enemy activity'
      British man who joined Kurdish forces to fight against ISIS is
       killed in northern Syria during battle to...
      Is this the face of a cold-eyed killer? Menacing SELFIE released of
       suspected ISIS gunman goading Turkish...
      Bloody retribution: Turkey’s jets and tanks hit 100 ISIS targets in
       Northern Syria just hours after the...
      First pictures inside Istanbul nightclub show bodies strewn across
       the floor as police release new photo of...
      Canadian mom-of-two, Indian fashion designer and Bollywood director
       are named among the 39 victims of ISIS...
      German police arrest Syrian refugee 'who asked ISIS for £150,000 to
       turn cars into suicide bombs he could...
      ISIS release shocking video of double suicide blast which killed 27
       in Baghdad marketplace
      Full of 1940s intrigue, sex and Kara Tointon's VERY pert derriere,
       Halcyon is Downton if the butler had an...
      Will you make a fortune in 2017? There's turbulence ahead but
       thanks to a rare planetary alignment we can...
      Queen brings tragic Tetra Pak heir's clan in from the cold after
       appointing Hans Rausing's cousin as one of...
      Are YOU smart enough to ace this school exam? Simple test designed
       for 10-year-olds leaves the internet...
      'That could gag a maggot!': Lump of yellow goop growing on a man's
       back for 30 YEARS is finally squeezed -...
      Mayhem at airports as immigration system inexplicably crashes -
       causing huge lines and hours of disruption...
      Care home has blood on its hands over my mother's death: Daughter
       accuses staff after her mum died eight...
      Can sugar really give you CANCER? Diet author reveals how the
       smallest amount can trigger health problems...
      Leaving EU customs union could create 400,000 jobs in UK:
       Pro-Brexit Change Britain group argue staying in...
      ROBERT HARDMAN: Why the EU's hypocrite-in-chief is a prime example
       of the hubris that could tear it apart
      Woman is wrongly branded a prostitute when feuding neighbour
       plasters pictures of her naked on a horse...
      Corbyn has lost 44  of Labour voters from 2015: Party could lose
       90 seats at an election after four million...
      Farage aide facing 20 years and £200,000 fine after admitting
       posing as a money launderer in online drug...
      Murder probe launched as lawyer's son, 23, dies after his parents’
       house was ’deliberately’ set alight in a...
      Man arrested for trying to smuggle a migrant in the DASHBOARD of a
       car across Moroccan border with Spain
      Are you wheel-y sure you want to do that, Wiggo? Bradley Wiggins
       signs up for The Jump... days after...
      Golf expert, 61, who dined with royalty to secure sponsorship deals
       for the PGA European Tour worth more...
      Mother is left £1,500 out of pocket after her daughter's passport
       was 'signed for by a stranger' who simply...
      Vinyl lovers made 2016 a record year... for records! Sales hit a
       25-year high after more than 3.2million LPs...
      Distraught children are left in tears as New Year trip to
       Disneyland Paris is ruined when Easyjet flight is...
      PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie takes sweet twins Vivienne and
       Knox and daughter Shiloh for ice cream...
      Pictured: Car which mowed down and killed girls aged 11 and 12
       crossing the road hand in hand as police step...
      Elderly mother of Pogues frontman Shane MacGowan is killed after
       her car crashes into a wall on New Year's...
      Supermarket price war kicks off as Morrisons cuts the cost of 800
       items to entice shoppers on tighter...
      Fertility clinics 'are selling false hope' to the over-40s: Number
       freezing their eggs double in a year but...
      Putting this rabble in charge of the Press would be like putting
       the Kray Twins in charge of the Police...
      Britain's deserted shopping malls: Visits to stores plunge by HALF
       on New Year's Day - as online sales...
      Taxman could start sharing your records with town halls so
       officials can chase you for council arrears and...
      Dick Clark Productions slams Mariah Carey's accusations of sabotage
       as 'frankly absurd' after diva's epic...
      EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: A ‘Jezza-Jemima’ romantic alliance would mark
       an uplifting start to 2017
      'We knew she had a purpose': Mother details her heartbreaking
       decision to carry her terminally-ill baby to...
      Pram race contestant fights for his life after falling from his
       homemade airplane-design cart while dressed...

      MORE HEADLINES

      Pictures that make me weep for today's young women: SARAH VINE on
       how British society is in the grip of an out of control
       binge-drinking culture
      Welcome to the UK’s Capital of Culture: Hull descends into drunken
       carnage just hours before it marked its new status as Britain’s
       ‘art city’
      Beer on demand, parties every weekend and an on-site sauna: Seven
       months after London's first 'luxury commune' opened its doors every
       room is full and the oldest resident is just 44
      George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz reveals the singer died alone
       after he slept in his car and denies posting tweets saying the star
       had tried to kill himself many times
      Some people won't be having a happy new year! Carnage on the
       streets of Britain as revellers see in 2017 with a night of
       fighting, vomiting and a LOT of flesh on show
      First pictures inside Istanbul nightclub show bodies strewn across
       the floor as police release new photo of 'ISIS killer' and quiz
       eight people over New Year's Eve attack
      Musician who turned her back on singing career becomes online hit
       after mother secretly films her performing alone in a cathedral
      British traveller, 29, found dead in exclusive Melbourne
       gentlemen's club 'where she was partying with several mystery men'
       - and her body is not discovered until the next day when they had
       fled
      New year, new life! Hot mugshot felon celebrates the holidays with
       his wife and kids at their mansion
      Blindfolded British couple found hanged in Cambodia with their
       hands tied together and 'a suicide note blaming the NHS for failing
       to deal with their mental health problems'
      Distraught children are left in tears as New Year trip to
       Disneyland Paris is ruined when Easyjet flight is cancelled AFTER
       they get on the plane
      How NOT to park a Renault Clio: Baffled driver takes seven minutes
       and EIGHTEEN manoeuvres to reverse her tiny car into a huge space
      PC is sacked for ‘lying to defend’ her police officer partner after
       he was spotted pushing a pram while he was off-sick with a shoulder
       injury - but he gets to KEEP his job
      Drug dealer who paid for his wife's BOOB JOB and a £15,000 Mercedes
       with dirty money is ordered to repay £109,000
      Queue here for UK's £1bn foreign aid cashpoint: Just when you
       thought it couldn't get any worse... YOUR cash is doled out in
       envelopes and on ATM cards loaded with money
      Grandson is left red-faced when his gran, 70, opens the photo album
       he got her for Christmas to find old pictures of ANT MCPARTLIN
       inside
      Dick Clark Productions slams Mariah Carey's accusations of sabotage
       as 'frankly absurd' after diva's epic lip syncing meltdown she
       blamed on faulty earpiece
      Shameless actress Tina Malone calls in police after abuse from
       Twitter trolls body-shaming her for weight loss
      Jack Russell dog needs emergency treatment after his mouth is glued
       shut when he bites into shiny brochure in the letterbox
      Desperate hunt for missing mother, 23, who was last seen three days
       ago wearing a peach onesie and Mickey Mouse pumps
      Canadian mom-of-two, Indian fashion designer and Bollywood director
       are named among the 39 victims of ISIS gunman who brought terror to
       Istanbul nightclub
      Fitness instructor given an anonymous £9,000 by George Michael for
       IVF treatment lays flowers outside the dead pop star's home
      Meghan, the budding (and VERY sultry) star: Prince Harry's
       girlfriend poses for series of racy publicity photos after landing
       a daytime TV show role 13 years before their royal romance began
      Pit bull kills a small dog in front of its horrified owner while
       she helplessly cries for it to stop in Los Angeles
      Pram race contestant fights for his life after falling from his
       homemade airplane-design cart while dressed as a WW2 Spitfire
       fighter pilot
      Theresa May WILL stop EU migrants from claiming benefits under new
       post-Brexit plan
      EXCLUSIVE - Weed belong together: Mariah Carey spotted heading into
       a marijuana dispensary on Christmas Eve, just one week before her
       Times Square meltdown
      Mommy and the model: Wendi Deng, 48, enjoys bikini break with her
       21-year-old boy toy and two teenage daughters in St Barts
      The sickening moment a daredevil's leap from a third floor balcony
       into a hotel pool goes disastrously wrong when he MISSES and
       smashes feet first on concrete
      Bloody retribution: Turkey’s jets and tanks hit 100 ISIS targets in
       Northern Syria just hours after the terror group’s gunman kills 39
       New Year’s Eve revellers in an Istanbul nightclub
      Murder probe launched as lawyer's son, 23, dies after his parents’
       house was ’deliberately’ set alight in a devastating New Year’s Day
       blaze
      The first 'ghosts' caught on camera: How these 'spirit photographs'
       had the world captivated in the 1920s... but all wasn't as it seems
      Elderly mother of Pogues frontman Shane MacGowan is killed after
       her car crashes into a wall on New Year's Day
      Pictured: Car which mowed down and killed girls aged 11 and 12
       crossing the road hand in hand as police step up hunt for
       witnesses
      Mother is left £1,500 out of pocket after her daughter's passport
       was 'signed for by a stranger' who simply wrote an 'x' on the
       delivery form
      Camera queen Kate snaps up an honour: Duchess is commended by the
       Royal Photographic Society for her images (and here's some of her
       best work)
      ISIS is plotting ‘mass casualty’ chemical attack on Britain, warns
       minister as he calls on citizens to help identify 'the enemy
       within'
      How Quality Street brought treats to the poor, how the Wall Street
       Crash created Nescafe and the birth of Coca-Cola: Secrets of our
       top brands revealed
      'I will miss my Abadaba and my Momby': Billie Lourd breaks her
       silence with moving tribute to mother Carrie Fisher and grandmother
       Debbie Reynolds
      Time to check down the back of the sofa! Rare 1926 George V
       sovereign could be worth up to £37,000
      Pit bull mauls family who tried to put him in a Christmas sweater
       and is only captured after being stabbed, Tasered, then shot with a
       tranquilizer dart AND a shotgun
      'I made a promise to help - I couldn't have done nothing':
       Incredible £140,000 transformation of Bosnian boy with a facial
       deformity thanks to the big-hearted British soldier who spotted him
       while on patrol
      Is this the face of a cold-eyed killer? Menacing SELFIE released of
       suspected ISIS gunman goading Turkish secularists by posing in
       Taksim Square protest site as different CCTV clips shows the wanted
       man roaming Istanbul before the massacre
      There’s someone behind you! Spooked couple buy CCTV – and see a
       GHOST following them down their driveway
      Welcome to 2017! New Year begins with ice, snow, rain and sleet and
       temperatures as low as minus 7C as Severe Weather Warning is
       issued
      Saved by his cellphone: Delaware businessman, 35, cheats death in
       Istanbul nightclub terror attack and his headed home after his
       phone takes impact of bullet shot by 'ISIS' gunman who killed 39
      Pensioner's body is found in a ferry's ventilation shaft two months
       after she disappeared when her husband went to sleep on a
       sunlounger
      'Wet elephant' taxpayer-funded £18MILLION tidal energy scheme
       supposed to power 600 homes stops working after just three months
      Massive python unhooks its jaw to gobble down a wallaby WHOLE... to
       the amazement of a nearby horse
      Rosie O'Donnell calls Trump 'mentally unstable' on Twitter and
       warns America that there are 'less than three weeks to stop him'
      MOST READ IN DETAIL

   [INS: :INS]

   [INS: :INS]

      SHARE PICTURE
     
     
     
     
     

   

   Copy link to paste in your message

      Back to top

      Home
      News
      U.S.
      Sport
      TVShowbiz
      Australia
      Femail
      Health
      Science
      Money
      Video
      Travel
      Fashion Finder

   Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS
   Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page
   Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money
   Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location

   Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd

   Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday  Metro Media Group
   © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with
   us Contributors Terms Discount Codes Privacy policy  cookies Cookie
   regulation logo
