     
     

    1. News
           Brexit latest
           The Big Questions
           UK
           US
           World
           People
           Politics
           Business
           Science
           Media
           Obituaries
    2. Voices
           Grace Dent
           Mary Dejevsky
           Robert Fisk
           John Rentoul
           Mark Steel
           Voices in Danger
           Giants Club
    3. Culture
           TV  radio
           Film
           Music
           Books
           Art
           Theatre  dance
    4. Lifestyle
           Travel
           Fashion  beauty
           Food
           Money
           Health
           IndyBest
           Love  sex
    5. Tech
           Pokemon GO
           Tech news
           Tech culture
           Gaming
    6. Sport
           Transfer news
           Football
           Rugby union
           Cricket
           Tennis
           Golf
           Motor racing
           US sport
    7. Daily Edition
           Subscribe for a free trial
           Read now
    8. Christmas Appeal

    1. 
       Search
    2.
           UK Edition
           US Edition
    3.
           Sign in
           Register
           Subscriptions
    4.

   
   Search
      News
           UK
           US
           World
           Politics
           People
           Science
           Business
           Media
           Obituaries
      Voices
           Christmas Appeal
           Robert Fisk
           Mark Steel
           Grace Dent
           Janet Street-Porter
           Holly Baxter
           John Rentoul
           Campaigns
           Comment
           Editorials
           Letters
           Giants Club
      Sport
           Transfer news
           Football
           Rugby union
           Cricket
           Tennis
           Motor racing
           US sports
      Culture
           Books
           Film
           TV
           Music
           Art
           Theatre  dance
           Comedy
           Tickets
      Lifestyle
           Travel
           Motoring
           Food  drink
           Health  families
           Fashion  beauty
           Student
           Find Courses
           Love  sex
           Business directory
           Secret Escapes
      Tech
           iPhone
           Tech news
           Tech culture
           Gaming
      Video
           News videos
           Explainer videos
           Sport videos
           People  culture videos
      IndyBest
           Christmas
           Sports  Fitness
           Home  Garden
           Kids
           Books
           Travel  Outdoors
           Fashion  Beauty
           Food  Drink
           Tech
      Money
           Mortgages
           Loans
           Savings
           Pensions
           Money transfers
           Health insurance
           Money Deals
      Extras
           Corrections
           indy100
           Puzzles
           Crosswords
           Apps
           The Independent Books
           Jobs
           Dating
           Competitions  offers

      Follow us:
     
     

   We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you
   advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie
   Policies to find out more.

    1. Travel
    2. Africa

       Meeting tribal kings and hungry hippos on holiday in Guinea-Bissau

   This forgotten West African nation has been through more than its fair
   share of coups but a visit reaps unexpected rewards for the intrepid
   traveller

      Nick Boulos
      Thursday 10 November 2016 11:15 BST
     

   IFRAME:
   https://www.facebook.com/plugins/like.php?href=https3A2F2Fwww.facebo
   ok.com2FTheIndependentTravel2Fwidth=450layout=buttonaction=likesi
   ze=largeshowfaces=falseshare=falseheight=35appId=235586169789578

   Click to follow
   The Independent Travel

   guinea-bissau-carnival-procession-edit.jpg A carnival procession in
   Guinea-Bissau's capital city, Bissau Explore Worldwide

   I wasn’t sure who was most surprised to see us: the funeral party, the
   king wearing a red bobble-hat or the herd of hippos. We didn’t bump
   into them all at the same time – that would’ve been really weird – but
   they each formed a memorable encounter during my week travelling around
   Guinea-Bissau.

   This small, welcoming and, yes, safe patch of West Africa – a former
   Portuguese colony, and now a land of tribal kingdoms and sacred islands
   – delivers a daily dose of the unexpected. And not just for those
   passing through.

   Tourists are a novelty in these parts. Almost everywhere I went – every
   village, market, church and beach – resulted in quizzical glances,
   curious conversations and high-energy displays of hospitality.
   15620819168-8e2aa086f3-b.jpg
   Colourful characters at Carnaval Bissau, held in the capital each year
   (Michel Craig/Flickr/CC BY-SA 2.0)

   West Africa hasn’t had the easiest of times. Lacking the big game parks
   that draw visitors to other African nations, the region has always been
   a niche holiday destination. The shores and resorts of The Gambia have
   attracted decent numbers, while others opt to holiday on the waterways
   of neighbouring Senegal and a few trickle south to Ghana – but that’s
   about it. Even this modest tourism was hit hard with the outbreak of
   Ebola in 2014, spelling an end to overseas visitors almost overnight.

   Despite cases only occurring in a handful of West Africa’s 16 countries
   – and not a single one in Guinea-Bissau – the aftermath of the scare
   was felt far and wide.

   “There are many misconceptions about this place,” my guide, Augusto
   M’Tambe, explained. “People think it’s dangerous and full of disease
   but it’s not.”

   To discover the truth and experience a corner of the world slowly
   remerging from the darkness – though political difficulties remain in a
   country that has experienced nine coups or attempted coups since 1980 –
   I joined a group of intrepid-minded travellers on a new tour offered by
   Explore Worldwide. The plan: to travel south from the busy capital,
   Bissau, for several days sailing around the sacred Bijagos archipelago,
   a sprinkling of untouched, off-shore islands in the Atlantic – steeped
   in age-old traditions and home to some very unusual residents.
   [5354393214-b30ab5374c-o.jpg]
      Read more

Sacred trees and deserted beaches: Visiting Senegal's '70s tourist hub

   Before we set sail, however, a long day on bumpy dirt tracks beckoned.
   The ruler-straight road, lined with giant trees with twisted limbs,
   shimmered long into the hazy distance. The dusty town of Canchungo was
   in mourning when we arrived unexpectedly.

   We had only intended to make the briefest of pit stops, to buy a bottle
   of the local tipple cana – a rum-like spirit with sugar cane and cashew
   nuts – as an offering to the local king we would soon meet. “You never
   go empty handed,” advised Augusto. But the need to source gifts was
   swiftly sidelined as we stumbled upon the most private of gatherings.

   The dearly departed had been laid to rest and the sniffling funeral
   party – many wearing T-shirts featuring the face of the deceased – had
   congregated in a sandy square just off the main street. Heavy-set women
   in bright and colourful tribal dresses cried into their hands but the
   sobbing paused abruptly upon sight of this group of out-of-towners.
   139841577-1de4e9b8b4-b.jpg
   Traditional dress and an elaborate rum flask in Guinea-Bissau
   (Christine Vaufrey/Flickr/CC-BY-ND 2.0)

   We stood on the fringes, shifting awkwardly in the dust, but the
   grieving family did not take umbrage at our presence. Instead they
   beckoned us to join them. But our intrusion felt inappropriate, so we
   offered our condolences and gently retreated.

   And, so, onwards to the 88 Bijagos islands, a sprinkling of
   semi-tropical isles encompassing two national parks, a Unesco-listed
   biosphere reserve and the most important turtle nesting site in all of
   Africa. But its significance extends beyond the flora and fauna, with
   remote communities still governed by tribal chiefs.

   After cruising through the largest mangrove forest in West Africa,
   spotting pelicans, storks and river dolphins, we stretched our legs on
   land at the village of Elia. At the end of a raised embankment made of
   crushed oyster seashells, which scraped underfoot like shards of
   shrapnel, was the Royal residence.
   shutterstock-488496535.jpg
   You can spot dolphins in the country's rivers (Shutterstock)

   Less of a palace and more of a simple mud house, with low ceilings and
   iron pots placed over a crackling fire, it was home to King Gika Jata.
   A laconic man with stained teeth and long grey hairs dangling from his
   chin, he wore frayed shorts and a red bobbly hat in place of a crown.
   He came to power around 20 years ago.

   “I can’t remember exactly when,” he said, his voice as low as a whisper
   and almost drowned out by the snorting piglets running around on the
   other side of the wall. We sat on wooden blocks and discussed his life.
   “I never expected to be King,” he said. “It’s a calling. The elders
   consult a fortune teller and the spirits choose someone with a clean
   heart.”

Read more

      Making a scene in Ghana: Accra gets creative
      King of tribe in Africa returns to his job as gardener in Canada

   The next few days passed in a blur of ghost towns and age-old
   initiation ceremonies, including the menacing Vaca Bruto ritual, in
   which young men in heavy wooden masks modelled to look like bulls'
   heads battled each other on all fours.

   Bolama – all crumbling colonial mansions and grand houses now strangled
   by twisting tree trunks – served as the nation’s capital when the
   colonising Portuguese relocated it in a bid to escape malaria on the
   mainland during the mid-19th century. It remained the seat of power
   until 1941. Today, it’s a largely forgotten place with a modest
   population, most of whom seemed to be sitting in the shade in the main
   square near a statue deposited by Mussolini when an Italian seaplane
   crashed nearby in 1931.
   rubane-island.jpg
   Rubane Island offers luxury accommodation in a deserted paradise
   (Ascani Maurice)

   One of the archipelago’s southernmost islands is uninhabited Poilao,
   which forms part of the João Vieira and Poilão Marine National Park.
   Deemed a deeply spiritual place, the interior of the island – wild and
   untamed and a place for male initiations – is strictly off-limits to
   all but select elders and tribal leaders.

   Luckily, though, the miles of sandy shoreline that border it are well
   used to receiving guests. Most nights between August and February, the
   beaches play host to green sea turtles who haul themselves across the
   sand to dig large nests and lay dozens of eggs. Reports suggest there
   are upwards of 2,500 reproducing females, some travelling from as far
   as Mauritiana, who come here to give birth on the same beach on which
   they were born.

   We camped near the sand and stayed up into the early hours, until the
   unmistakable silhouette of a giant turtle emerged from the darkened
   ocean and sloped across the moonlit shore. We only returned to our
   sleeping bags after having helped rangers release thousands of newly
   hatched turtles, scurrying across the beach like marbles fleeing from a
   jar.
   10571099765-c7479785ed-k.jpg
   Women working the rice fields (Flickr/CC BY-ND 2.0)

   It didn’t come as any major shock that most of the accommodation in
   Guinea-Bissau leaned towards the basic. But our accommodation on the
   island of Rubane drew gasps. We docked at Ponta Anchaca Ecolodge after
   a long day at sea (the skipper got lost and without a GPS had to rely
   on passing fishermen for directions), and immediately settled down for
   a much-needed GT at a bar built upon raised stilts by the infinity
   pool. The tide was out and the amber glow of sunset settled on a nearby
   row of small wooden fishing boats with patchy paintwork and names like
   In God We Hope.
   gettyimages-612309782.jpg
   Watch sea turtles hatch on uninhabited Poilao island (Getty)

   Hidden almost out of sight amid the dense foliage that backed against
   the long beach was a row of plush seafront lodges. Think thatched
   roofs, four-posted beds, rainforest showers and lots of African art;
   levels of luxury I’d dared not dream about.

   But Guinea-Bissau had one final surprise up its sleeve. The rice
   farmers of Ilha de Orango are locked in a bitter battle with their
   fearsome neighbours. “They cause a lot of problems, ransacking the
   fields.  People have had to install electric fences,” said Augusto as
   we trekked through neck-high grass and across boggy marshes en route to
   see the ravenous rice-munching creatures in question: the hungry hippos
   of Bijagos.
   salt-water-hippos.jpg
   The rice farmers of Ilha de Orango are locked in a battle with local
   hungry hippos (Explore Worldwide)

   We eventually found a herd of the rare saltwater hippos – they inhabit
   the island’s swampy lagoons and are often seen strutting their stuff on
   the beach – after an hour’s sweaty hike. We huddled quietly, a little
   too close to the creatures for comfort, and watched as they wallowed in
   the mud, all louds grunts and giant yawns. They, too, eyed us with
   intrigue and suspicion before emerging from the water, prompting us to
   make a hasty exit. Surprises come in all shapes and sizes in
   Guinea-Bissau.

Travel essentials

   Getting there

   Explore Worldwide (01252 883681; explore.co.uk) offers ten days in
   Guinea Bissau from £2,975 per person. Price includes accommodation,
   excursions, most meals and flights from Heathrow via Casablanca and
   Banjul with Royal Air Maroc (020 7307 5800; royalairmaroc.com).

   More information

   gbissau.org
      More about:
      Africa
      Safari
      Guinea-Bissau

   [reuse.png] Reuse content

Comments

[i100.png]

Most Popular

Video

Sponsored Features

      Follow us:
     
     

      User Policies
      Privacy Policy
      Cookie Policy
      Code of Conduct
      Complaint Form
      Contact Us
      Contributors
      All Topics
      Archive
      Newsletters
      Jobs
      Subscriptions
      Advertising Guide
      Syndication
      Evening Standard
      Novaya Gazeta
      Install our Apps

   (Submit) Close

   We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker.

   Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It
   helps to build our international editorial team, from war
   correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics.

   Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and
   help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free.

   Thank you for your support.

   How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk

Adblock / Adblock Plus

      Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your
       address bar.
      On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain".
      On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking
       for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click
       "disable on independent.co.uk".

Firefox Tracking Protection

      If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may
       cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by
       clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar.

Ghostery

      Click the Ghostery icon.
      In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site".
      In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your
       Trusted Site list.
      In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is
       whitelisted".
      Click "reload the page to see your changes".

uBlock

      Click the uBlock icon.
      Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site,
       and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site.
      Then reload the page.

   (Submit) Close

   Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk
   (Submit) Continue to our site

   [p?c1=2c2=10476312cv=2.0cj=1]
