   alternate alternate Mail Online Search publisher Mail Online Science
   RSS feed Latest Science Stories RSS feed


   MailOnline - news, sport, celebrity, science and health stories
   [USEMAP:gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==
   ]
      Home
      News
      U.S.
      Sport
      TVShowbiz
      Australia
      Femail
      Health
          Science
      Money
      Video
      Travel
      Fashion Finder

      Latest Headlines
      Science
      Pictures

      My Profile
      Logout

      Login

   DailyMail
   NEW ARTICLESHomeTop
   Share
   show ad

The strange 'funnel' on Mars that scientists say could be the best place to
look for alien life

      Researchers spotted depression in a crater on edge of the Hellas
       basin
      New analysis shows it was likely formed by a volcano underneath a
       glacier
      They these conditions could host liquid water and chemical
       nutrients

   By Cheyenne Macdonald For Dailymail.com

   Published: 19:55 GMT, 10 November 2016 | Updated: 09:47 GMT, 18
   November 2016

     
     
     
     
      e-mail
     

   35 shares

   28

   View
   comments

   A bizarre funnel-like depression on the surface of Mars could hold the
   ‘key ingredients’ for life.

   It’s been thought that the feature known as the Hellas depression may
   have been formed by a volcano beneath a glacier, but now, researchers
   have conducted an in-depth analysis using stereoscopic images and
   digital elevation models.

   The new investigation suggests the depression does have many signs of
   volcanic origins similar to ‘ice cauldrons’ on Earth, meaning it could
   create an environment warm enough to host liquid water and chemical
   nutrients.

   Scroll down for video
   A bizarre funnel-like depression on the surface of Mars could hold the
   ‘key ingredients’ for life. The Hellas depression is pictured on left,
   while another feature known as the Galaxias Fossae depression is shown
   on right  A bizarre funnel-like depression on the surface of Mars could
   hold the ‘key ingredients’ for life. The Hellas depression is pictured
   on left, while another feature known as the Galaxias Fossae depression
   is shown on right

   A bizarre funnel-like depression on the surface of Mars could hold the
   ‘key ingredients’ for life. The Hellas depression is pictured on left,
   while another feature known as the Galaxias Fossae depression is shown
   on right

WAS MARTIAN LIFE FOUND 40 YEARS AGO?

   In a recent study, researchers examined the results from the 1976
   Viking Labeled Release experiment, which at the time was said to have
   found extant microbial life.

   The results showed simiarities to responses seen in terrestrial soil,
   including data from samples collected in California, Alaska, and
   Antarctica

   They also evaluated non-biological hypotheses which have suggested that
   the results were ‘most likely caused by a non-biological soil oxidant.’

   But, no such oxidant that could satisfy all of the findings has ever
   been identified, and there have been no further metabolic experiments
   on the red planet.

   The researchers determined that the findings from the Viking
   experiments are ‘consistent with a biological explanation,’ suggesting
   microorganisms on Mars adapted and evolved to meet harsh environmental
   conditions.

   The site was first detected in 2009, when researchers noticed that the
   crack-like features in images captured by the Mars Reconnaissance
   Orbiter were similar to ‘ice cauldrons’ in Iceland and Greenland.

   On Earth, these structures are created when volcanoes erupt under an
   ice sheet – and on Mars, these conditions have the potential to host
   life.

   ‘We were drawn to this site because it looked like it could host some
   of the key ingredients for habitability – water, heat, and nutrients,’
   said lead author Joseph Levy, a research associate at the University of
   Texas Institute for Geophysics.

   The strange, funnel-shaped depression was found inside a crater on the
   rim of the Hellas basin, and it’s surrounded by ancient glacial
   deposits.

   The researchers also noted another depression in the Galaxias Fossae
   region with a similar appearance.

   ‘These landforms caught our eye because they’re weird looking,’ Levy
   said.

   ‘They’re concentrically fractured so they look like a bull’s-eye. That
   can be a very diagnostic pattern you see in Earth materials.’

RELATED ARTICLES

      Previous
      1
      Next

      [3A3D21AF00000578-0-image-m-171478797912035.jpg] Bathroom
       breakthrough as researchers reveal 'splash free'...
       [3A3D388200000578-0-image-m-1051478797716351.jpg] A secret passage
       beneath Shakespeare's Curtain Theatre is...
       [0BC017E6000005DC-0-image-m-221478791602499.jpg] How interbreeding
       with Neanderthals allowed us to survive:...
       [3A3CE01D00000578-0-image-m-751478793003863.jpg] The fossils that
       rewrite the history of the dinosaurs: 230...

Share this article

   Share
   35 shares
   The strange, funnel-shaped depression was found inside a crater on the
   rim of the Hellas basin, and it’s surrounded by ancient glacial
   deposits The strange, funnel-shaped depression was found inside a
   crater on the rim of the Hellas basin, and it’s surrounded by ancient
   glacial deposits

   The strange, funnel-shaped depression was found inside a crater on the
   rim of the Hellas basin, and it’s surrounded by ancient glacial
   deposits

   In the study, researchers created digital elevation models using pairs
   of high-resolution images, allowing them to analyze the 3D shape and
   structure of the depressions.

   Doing this gave a clearer picture of whether the features had volcanic
   origins, or were created from impact.

   Through this analysis, the researchers found that both depressions were
   funnel shaped, growing much narrower with increasing depth.

   ‘That surprised us and led to a lot of thinking about whether it meant
   there was melting concentrated in the center that removed ice and
   allowed stuff to pour in from the sides,’ Levy said.

   ‘Or if you had an impact crater, did you start with a much smaller
   crater in the past, and by sublimating away ice, you’ve expanded the
   apparent size of the crater.’
   The site was first detected in 2009, when researchers noticed that the
   crack-like features in images captured by the Mars Reconnaissance
   Orbiter were similar to ‘ice cauldrons’ in Iceland and Greenland. An
   ice cauldron in Iceland's Vatnajökull ice cap is pictured  The site was
   first detected in 2009, when researchers noticed that the crack-like
   features in images captured by the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter were
   similar to ‘ice cauldrons’ in Iceland and Greenland. An ice cauldron
   in Iceland's Vatnajökull ice cap is pictured

   The site was first detected in 2009, when researchers noticed that the
   crack-like features in images captured by the Mars Reconnaissance
   Orbiter were similar to ‘ice cauldrons’ in Iceland and Greenland. An
   ice cauldron in Iceland's Vatnajökull ice cap is pictured

   The study revealed these two depressions likely formed in different
   ways.

   While the debris around the Galaxias Fossae depression is suggestive of
   an impact, the Hellas depression showed many signs of volcanism.

   The researcher says these depressions should be considered when looking
   for habitable areas on Mars – especially the Hellas formation.

   And, other scientists appear to agree.

   ‘These features do really resemble ice cauldrons known form Earth, and
   just from that perspective they should be of great interest,’ says Gro
   Pederson, a volcanologist at the University of Iceland, who was not
   involved with the research.

   ‘Both because their existence may provide information on the properties
   of subsurface material – the potential existence of ice – and because
   of the potential for revealing ice-volcano interactions.’


Share or comment on this article

     
     
     
     
      e-mail
     
      35
       shares

Most watched News videos

      Mariah botches New Year's Eve performance and storms off stage
      Heart-warming moment woman plays piano and sings in cathedral
      Woman takes seven minutes to parallel park car in double space
      Disturbing moment pitbull kills small dog in front of its owner
      Man goes crazy when he catches another guy in bed with his wife
      Man finally talks to wife after over twenty years of silence
      Passenger insults flight attendant before being led away by police
      Mass brawl erupts between customers and restaurant staff
      Spooky! 'Ghost' appears to follow two people down a driveway
      Bottles fly during terrifying NYE fight at Manchester restaurant
      Take a look inside one of the brand new flats in The Collective
      Dog shows off its incredibly efficient banana-eating technique

   [INS: :INS]
      Pictures that make me weep for today's young women: SARAH...
      Welcome to the UK’s Capital of Culture: Hull descends into...
      Beer on demand, parties every weekend and an on-site sauna:...
      George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz reveals the singer died...
      Some people won't be having a happy new year! Carnage on the...
      First pictures inside Istanbul nightclub show bodies strewn...
      Musician who turned her back on singing career becomes...
      British traveller, 29, found dead in exclusive Melbourne...
      New year, new life! Hot mugshot felon celebrates the...
      Blindfolded British couple found hanged in Cambodia with...
      Distraught children are left in tears as New Year trip to...
      How NOT to park a Renault Clio: Baffled driver takes seven...

MOST READ NEWS

   Previous
   Next
      ●
      ●
      ●

More top stories

   Bing

   () Site () Web Enter search term:  (Submit)
   Search

      Like DailyMail
      Follow MailOnline
      Follow DailyMail
      1 DailyMail

      Download our iPhone app
      Download our Android app

      Today's headlines
      Most Read

      The design genius who was left flummoxed by a potato peeler: Man
       who invented high-speed trains and the...
      Robots that hire and fire staff could soon be employed by the
       world's largest hedge fund in bid to improve...
      Scientists discover the gene editing 'off-switch' that could
       protect against accidents or stop it from being...
      Scientists solve the riddle of dinner party angst: The average
       person can't cope with more than four...
      Can YOU see what's really going on here? Confusing camel optical
       illusion leaves the internet baffled
      Can a gel made with you own blood heal chronic leg wounds?
       Patients' own DNA can help kickstart repair...
      Are smart ROADS key for self-driving cars? Authorities say
       technology will prevent accidents, reduce travel...
      The terrifying power of mega tsunamis: Video reveals how a wave
       could wipe out the ENTIRE east coast of the...
      Elon Musk's SpaceX blames a fault in helium canister for massive
       Falcon 9 rocket explosion that destroyed...
      Is this the fossilised penis of an Ice Age mammoth found on a
       Norfolk beach - or is it something even...
      Walruses use seabirds as TOYS and even play with carcasses they
       find floating on the water
      No wonder the dinosaurs died out: They were vulnerable for the SIX
       MONTHS it took them to get out of their...
      Is iOS 10.3 on the way already? Rumor claims Apple's update could
       debut this month with 'Theater Mode' for...
      Observatory camera captures the rare moment a METEOR flies over an
       erupting volcano in Costa Rica
      How the threat of floods is shifting across the US: Map reveals the
       risk is growing in the north, but...

      MORE HEADLINES

      Samsung unveils THREE new phones: New Galaxy A handsets feature
       metal frame with a glass back - and all are water and dust
       resistant
      No wonder the dinosaurs died out: They were vulnerable for the SIX
       MONTHS it took them to get out of their eggs when they were born
      Robots that hire and fire staff could soon be employed by the
       world's largest hedge fund in bid to improve efficiency
      Elon Musk's SpaceX blames a fault in helium canister for massive
       Falcon 9 rocket explosion that destroyed Facebook's $200m internet
       satellite
      Is iOS 10.3 on the way already? Rumor claims Apple's update could
       debut this month with 'Theater Mode' for texting during a movie
      From augmented reality and ultra-high resolution TVs to Faraday
       Future's 'Tesla killer': What to expect from CES 2017
      The terrifying power of mega tsunamis: Video reveals how a wave
       could wipe out the ENTIRE east coast of the US - but it's unlikely
       to happen
      Walruses use seabirds as TOYS and even play with carcasses they
       find floating on the water
      Scientists solve the riddle of dinner party angst: The average
       person can't cope with more than four conversations at once
      MOST READ IN DETAIL



DON'T MISS

      PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie takes twins Vivienne and Knox and
       daughter Shiloh for ice cream during ski trip... as she jets away
       from divorce drama
      'I could fit a whole head in one cup': Scarlett Moffatt praises
       regime for shrinking her J cup bust by 7in... as she hits back at
       weight trolls Lost 3st 4lb in total
      Trouble in paradise? Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban 'had a red
       carpet argument' at her Lion premiere just days before dancing up a
       storm on stage on NYE
      'He's not bothered': Michelle Keegan insists husband Mark Wright is
       unfazed by steamy sex scenes... after admitting they 'talk through'
       her roles
      Daisy Lowe looks scorching in a pale pink cutaway bikini as she
       flaunts her Strictly weight loss on Miami beach Looks stunning
      'I lost half a stone in two weeks eating MS ready meals!' We
       challenged two women to try what might be the easiest diet EVER!
       SPONSORED
      Undercover lovers: Leonardo DiCaprio shades his face with a towel
       as he enjoys getaway with girlfriend Nina Agdal in Mexico Come over
       all shy?
      Full of 1940s intrigue, sex and Kara Tointon's VERY pert derriere,
       Halcyon is Downton if the butler had an evil streak! CHRISTOPHER
       STEVENS is gripped
      Rich Kids of Instagram's Lana Scolaro loses her bikini top on
       sunshine break in St Barts... after shooting to fame with THAT
       Robin Thicke snap
      Jack Branning is left devastated on EastEnders after discovering
       new wife Ronnie Mitchell has drowned on their wedding day
      What a carry on! Hilary Duff gives son Luca a piggyback as she
       flaunts toned body in denim bikini top and hotpants Only way to
       travel!
     
      Are you wheel-y sure you want to do that, Wiggo? Bradley Wiggins
       signs up for The Jump... days after retiring from professional
       cycling Hope he's insured
      Bella Thorne flaunts pert derriere in a tiny bikini on holiday in
       the Bahamas... and even covers herself in body glitter Absolutely
       stunning
      'I'm gonna smash it!' Lauren Goodger slips into lingerie for
       pre-weight loss selfie before filming derriere during workout... as
       she vows to regain her 'big butt'
      Justin Bieber's protégé Madison Beer dons stylish black bikini for
       beach time with fellow musician boyfriend Jack Gilinsky New Year to
       remember
      Susanna Reid, 46, is flooded with compliments as she bravely posts
       barefaced 'blemishes, lines and flaws' selfie next to filtered
       make-up snap
      Stassi Schroeder goes skinny dipping with gal pals before being
       caught in spotlight on Vanderpump Rules Knows how to make a splash
      Looking ssssexy! TOWIE's Kate Wright shows off her eye-popping
       assets in snakeskin swimsuit as she continues to wow during Dubai
       break
      'Losing a child never leaves you': Kym Marsh admits Corrie
       stillbirth was 'heartbreaking' eight years after losing own baby -
       as she poses with daughter Polly, five
      'The hard grafting has paid off'! MIC's Louise Thompson poses in a
       nude bikini... before being launched into the air by her burly beau
       Ryan in the Maldives
      Can Mel and Sue keep Ant and Dec from 16th TV Presenter of the Year
       gong? Departing Bake Off favourites leave on a high as they lead
       National Television nods
     
      PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie hits the slopes with her kids
       during Colorado ski trip... as she enjoys NYE getaway in wake of
       Brad Pitt split
      Doutzen Kroes displays model figure in cropped top and tiny shorts
       while hitting beach in Miami with family Life's a beach
      'Taught me how to love': Chance The Rapper finally introduces
       15-month-old daughter Kensli on Instagram Head over heels
      Why ARE so many celebrities obsessed with showing us their rear
       view? Former Cosmopolitan editor questions the stars' latest trend
      Wat-son your screen, Dr? Sherlock viewers mock Martin Freeman for
       pretending to update static picture of his blog in epic blunder in
       record New Year's Day show
      PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wild thing Daisy Lowe wears her leopard-print
       bra to the beach as she cosies up to handsome mystery man on the
       beach in Miami
      Buxom Daisy Lowe channels a Fifties pin-up girl as she covers-up
       sexy bikini with plunging white sundress after day of frolicking on
       Miami beach
      Easy riders! Steven Tyler and his rumoured fiancée Aimee Ann
       Preston drive motorbikes in Hawaii He is 40 years older than his
       rumoured fiancée
      PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Shirtless former Strictly pro Gleb Savchenko
       displays his rippling abs as he packs on the PDA with wife Elena on
       Miami beach
      Grin and bear it! Paris Jackson livestreams brother Prince getting
       a massive tattoo... before getting some new ink of her own What are
       you inking!
     
      Weed belong together: Mariah Carey spotted heading into a marijuana
       dispensary on Christmas Eve, just one week before her Times Square
       meltdown
      EastEnders star Samantha Womack sparks Twitter frenzy as she tweets
       about enjoying a swim... just hours after her character drowned
      Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick put on a united front in Aspen
       as they pose on their private jet They split up in summer 2015
      'Need a decorator's number?' Little Mix's Jesy Nelson is inundated
       with interior advice from fans after they're left shocked by her
       Instagram snap
      Downton Abbey in a hotel - with jazz, Nazis, and a less handsome
       Night Manager who stuck to his day job... The Halcyon was not a
       place you'd want to stay
      Daisy Lowe shows off her kooky sense of style on holiday as she
       pairs a skimpy white bikini with trainers She seemed in
       particularly high spirits
      Here comes trouble! Rihanna plays coy as she wears casual jet-set
       look at JFK... as ex Drake and JLo spend NYE together in Vegas
       Moving on
      Rebecca Ferguson 'graciously accepts' invitation to sing at
       inauguration of Donald Trump... if she can perform track protesting
       against racism
      'I missed you': Bindi Irwin's heart swells as she is reunited with
       boyfriend Chandler Powell after couple spend three weeks apart
      Watch out Beckham! Doutzen Kroes displays sweet soccer skills in
       tiny white shorts with family in Miami She's not only a whizz on
       the runway
      'It's back!': Will And Grace star Leslie Jordan confirms new season
       of hit sitcom will hit screens this year Was a huge hit the in
       1990s
      Fit couple! Mark Wahlberg shows off sculpted body while wife Rhea
       Durham is red hot in bikini on holiday in Barbados Super buff
      The pathologist's corpses were more lifelike than this twaddle:
       Christopher Stevens reviews last night's TV  Always looks like
       she's on her way to an awards
      'It was a kick in the bs': Sir Tom Jones slams the BBC again
       for his sudden drop from The Voice... as he poses alongside new
       judges for ITV reboot
      'I was 16ish': Kim Zolciak is barely recognizable in throwback
       photo from her teenage years Determined to stay young forever
     
      Still on! Jennifer Lawrence, 26, enjoys romantic New Year's Eve
       stroll with boyfriend Darren Aronofsky, 47 Looked like a
       picture-perfect couple
      Lizzie Cundy, 46, negotiates risqué red swimsuit while throwing
       herself enthusiastically into beachside ball games during Maldives
       getaway
      Star in stripes: Natalie Portman keeps it comfortable in patterned
       top and hoodie while on morning walk in LA Appeared quite far along
       as she stepped out
      Strictly's Janette Manrara flaunts taut physique in skimpy pink
       bikini as she joins co-star fiancé Alja korjanec and his ex-dance
       partner Daisy Lowe
      The holidays are over! Harrison Ford arrives back in LA with wife
       Calista Flockhart after winter break Star Wars cast reeling from
       Carrie's death
      'Making her laugh was always a badge of honor': Mark Hamill pens
       heartfelt goodbye letter to Star Wars co-star Carrie Fisher He's
       best memories
      Glad to be home? Nicole Richie and Joel Madden look downcast after
       holiday getaway as they jet into LA with their kids Family affair
      New mum Behati Prinsloo shows off her slender figure in a tank top
       and cut-off shorts while on holiday in Mexico Looked sensational
      Goodbye paradise! Jessica Alba is effortlessly chic in striped maxi
       dress as she leaves Hawaii with her family Home sweet home
      There's something about broccoli! Cameron Diaz shops for organic
       veggies during grocery run in Los Angeles Green and lean
      'You come here you get a cap in your a': Real Housewives star
       Kenya Moore points gun at home intruders She's not taking any
       chances
      Burr-illiant! Vlogger Tanya debuts new bob and shows off enviable
       curves in animal print swimsuit during idyllic holiday in the
       Maldives Lucky woman
      Desert rose: Amy Adams stuns in floral gown at Palm Springs
       International Film Festival Kickstarting red carpet season
      Nicole Kidman is girly glam as she sports dress covered in playful
       illustrations at Palm Springs International Film Festival Stunnning
      Lady in blue-gray! Kirsten Dunst shows off cleavage in full-length
       gown with front slit at Palms Springs International Film Festival
      'It was definitely the most traumatic year of my life': Charlotte
       Crosby reveals she is glad 2016 is over... after ectopic pregnancy
       and split from Gaz Beadle
      Calum Best touches down in London ahead of rumoured Celebrity Big
       Brother stint... where he is set to reunite with former flame
       Bianca Gascoigne
      The look of love! Margot Robbie beams as she arrives back in LA
       with new husband Tom Ackerley... after tying the knot in secret
       ceremony in Australia
      Newly-engaged Serena Williams flashes her ring as she steps out
       with her Reddit co-founder fiance Alexis Ohanian in New Zealand
       Proposed last week
      All tied up! TOWIE;s Kate Wright sizzles in plunging bondage
       inspired khaki bikini as she soaks up the sun in Dubai  On a girls'
       break
      Sparkling New Year for Ab Fab star's daughter: Actress Beattie
       Edmondson announces her engagement  She is marry Sam Francis, also
       29
      Avert your eyes! Braless Lisa Appleton, 48, leaves NOTHING to the
       imagination in raunchy lace dress during wild night out in
       Manchester
      Nicola McLean, Spencer Pratt and Stevi Ritchie arrive at their
       hotel as they prepare to make their Celebrity Big Brother return
       for all star series
      Izabel Goulart flaunts her supermodel figure in TINY crochet bikini
       as she frolics on the beach in St Barts  Every inch the Brazilian
       bombshell
      Bonding time! Nicola Peltz rocks a black bikini as she hugs her
       brother Will on family holiday together In an idyllic Instagram
       photo
      Margot Robbie stuns in a leopard print one piece as she cosies up
       to new husband Tom Ackerley at the beach with friends... after
       secretly tying the knot
      Newly-single Katie Waissel hits Miami beach with another male pal
       in Miami... weeks after splitting from second husband Brian Moote
      'Facing my fears for the new year:' Leighton Meester beats her
       phobia of popping champagne in Instagram video Cheers to that!
      Keeping her on her toes! Chrissy Teigen shows off legs in LBD as
       she does impressive plié while carrying baby Luna Impressive skills
      Pregnant Rochelle Humes flaunts her blossoming baby bump in chic
       black swimsuit in the Maldives before sharing a bath with daughter
       Alaia-Mai
      'Time to start a new year being happy, healthy and ambitious':
       Katie Price praises husband Keiran Hayler and kids as she vows to
       give up alcohol
      Love's young dream: Elle Fanning enjoys giggly lunch date with
       boyfriend Dylan Beck The 18-year-old couldn't control her laughter
       while in a black jumpsuit
      MIC's Frankie Gaff shares racy belfie as she and Jamie Laing pack
       on the PDA during break in Dubai... leaving their relationship woes
       firmly behind them
      'The worst thing was not knowing if he'd come home': Emma Willis
       recalls chilling fears over husband Matt's addictions... as she
       reveals plans to renew wedding vows
      'Private pool suits me just fine!' Ashley Graham shows off her
       hourglass curves in racy white swimsuit as she takes a dip in the
       Seychelles
      Susan Sarandon's daughter Eva Amurri Martino reveals baby son
       suffered a cracked skull after a night nurse dropped him Now
       battling depression
      New year, new nails! Tobey Maguire's ex Jennifer Meyer makes
       manicure her priority at start of 2017 She dressed in ripped jeans
      Billie Lourd breaks her silence with moving tribute to mother
       Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds The 24-year-old
       actress posted a picture
      Sara Sampaio flaunts her trim figure and pert posterior in pretty
       print swimsuit as she enjoys a sunbathing session on Mexican
       holiday Positively heaven sent
      Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell suffer ANOTHER grisly fate in alternate
       ending for EastEnders New Year episode... after fans praise the
       duo's exit
      Stella McCartney covers up in a floaty kaftan as she enjoys
       romantic beach stroll with husband Alasdhair Willis in St Barts
       Festive family trip
      Fifi Box's ex Grant Kenny 'devastated' after the actress 'spends
       the night' with her Neighbours co-star and new love Damien
       Richardson
      Reunited! Julianne Hough goes makeup free in an adorable family
       selfie with fiancé Brooks Laich and their fur babies Lexi and
       Harley
      Bianca Gascoigne shows off her ample assets in orange sequin bikini
       as she hits the water in sunny Mexico ahead of her Celebrity Big
       Brother debut
      Rebecca Romijn flaunts rock hard abs at 44 while on holiday with
       husband Jerry O'Connell and twin daughters Rebecca Romijn had no
       problems showing it off
      Reynolds Reynolds 'He said I was a lousy lay': A victim of Tony
       Curtis's vile gossip, in her own words, how screen legend DEBBIE
       REYNOLDS was abused in Hollywood
      Happy New Rear! Danielle Lloyd showcases her toned curves in a
       red-hot swimsuit as she soaks up some winter sun in Dubai
      Mixing it up! Jamie Foxx's daughter Corinne raises temperatures in
       mismatched bikini during beach outing in Miami Looked like a
       perfect 10
      Rooney prostitute Jenny Thompson flaunts her legs in red playsuit
       as fellow EOTB newbie Zara Jackson gets racy in lace on a night out
       in Manchester
      She's red hot! Gwen Stefani unveiled as new face of Revlon  Her
       trademark bright red lipstick was in evidence as she was named
       brand ambassador
      Gemma Oaten displays her taut abs in steamy New Year's underwear
       selfie as she puts dramatic romance with presenter Nick Knowles
       behind her
      Two weeks to go! Sasha and Malia return from Hawaii with their
       parents after their last family vacation aboard Air Force One Saw
       his grandad's grave
      Taking a gamble on love? Jennifer Lopez and Drake hit high-roller
       tables in Vegas together after she supports him at NYE gig At MGM
       Grand casino
      Celebrity Big Brother tipped to be the 'sexiest yet' as show bosses
       make smaller beds to 'encourage intimacy' between housemates Starts
       this week
      Down she goes! Josie Gibson winces in pain as she takes a tumble on
       her skis during practice session for new series of injury-stricken
       show The Jump
      Pregnant Ciara posts cute photos of her baby bump as she rings in
       2017 with her growing family Expecting her second child
      Coffee date! Vanessa Hudgens rocks cropped sweater and extremely
       tight trousers during outing with boyfriend Austin Butler Both in
       Studio City
      'He really wanted to be in the movie': Robin Williams was turned
       down for iconic Hagrid role in Harry Potter franchise because he
       wasn't British
      Unlikely pals Tallia Storm, 18, and Chris Evans, 50, enjoy beach
       day as they see in the New Year with their families in Barbados
       Firm friendship
      Patrick Schwarzenegger hits pool as he takes girlfriend Abby
       Champion on family holiday in Mexico with Maria Shriver
      Mariah Carey New Years Mariah Carey New Years Dick Clark
       Productions slams Mariah Carey's accusations of sabotage as
       'frankly absurd' after diva's epic lip syncing meltdown she blamed
       on faulty earpiece
      'The loneliness became desperate': Kate Bush describes 'cruel'
       bullying during her teenage years at Catholic girls' school in
       newly resurfaced essay
      Hilary Duff parades her toned pins in skimpy bikini bottoms as she
       tries her hand at surfing during New Year's break to Hawaii Surf's
       up
      New year, old pals! Jonah Hill and Michael Cera enjoy low-key
       Superbad reunion ten years on  Enjoyed a stroll in SoHo district of
       Manhattan
      Bernie Ecclestone, 86, and wife Fabiana Flosi, 38, explore Gstaad
       as they ring in the New Year with the family in Switzerland Winter
       wonderland
      Frances Bean Cobain's battle to get ex to return her late father
       Kurt Cobain's priceless guitar is heading for a multi-million
       dollar court case
      Just another day in paradise! MIC's Louise Thompson and Ryan Libbey
       show off toned beach bodies as they enjoy a snorkel trip in the
       Maldives
      'I'm heartbroken': Fans devastated by Sherlock episode as Amanda
       Abbington takes a bullet after her real-life split from on-screen
       husband Martin Freeman
      Conor McGregor looks sharp in suit at sister Aoife's wedding in
       Ireland... as the UFC superstar continues to enjoy his break from
       the octagon
      Nude ambition! Kady McDermott goes underwear-free in slinky salmon
       dress as she attends Love Island party with leggy Rachel Fenton
      Billie Piper goes incognito in oversized denim jacket during casual
       stroll in London... as ex-husband Laurence Fox talks first
       Christmas alone
      Newly-single Katie Waissel cosies up to a mystery man in Miami...
       weeks after splitting from second husband Brian Moote Marriage
       lasted a year
      'Jumping into 2017 like': Karlie Kloss bares flat midriff in bikini
       as she leaps into the Caribbean In the celebrity haven on St Barths
      Feeling fruity! Lucy Watson shows off her Barbados tan in a
       mismatched bikini as she kicks back on inflatable pineapple with
       shirtless beau James
      Lauren Goodger parties with jailbird boyfriend's sister for New
       Year's Eve as she vows to quit booze for a month Getting close to
       'in-laws'
      In the swim! Naomi Watts enjoys the warm waters off Cancun with
       sons during New Year's family getaway The actress, 48, donned a
       turquoise swimsuit
      'Guess you fd my missus!' Jeremy McConnell accused of sleeping
       with a fan's girlfriend... as pregnant ex Stephanie Davis prepares
       for due date
      That's what girlfriends are for! Katie Salmon helps new squeeze
       Dani avoid an embarrassing nip slip as they put on a loved-up
       display in Manchester
      Georgia May Jagger rocks wild leopard print lingerie and sparkling
       bling as she writhes around in bed for LOVE's Video Advent A walk
       on the wild side
      Hilary Duff shows off her toned torso in a bikini as she larks
       around with son Luca in the Hawaii surf The tot held his famous
       mother's hand
      CHRISTOPHER STEVENS: Sherlock's now so clever-clever, it's stupid
       The Mail's critic pans the New Year's Day special and awards it one
       star
      'It's not a set thing': Ben Affleck won't direct his Batman
       standalone if it doesn't come together to his liking The
       44-year-old actor is picky about his projects
      Glowing Holly Willoughby looks sun-kissed as she enjoys romantic
       beach stroll with shirtless husband Dan Baldwin in Barbados
      She sings! Gisele Bundchen performs sweet track while strumming the
       guitar by pool in new video Clearly a woman of many talents
      Ex On The Beach's Jemma Lucy flashes her pert derriere in skimpy
       purple T-shirt... after going totally NAKED in saucy sunbed selfie
      Making resolutions! Rob Kardashian works up a sweat on a two-hour
       trek with Blac Chyna... days after health scare left him
       hospitalised
      George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz reveals the singer died alone
       after he slept in his car and denies posting tweets saying star had
       tried to kill himself many times
      Newly single Bella Thorne enjoys NYE smooch with model pal Kyra
       Santoro as she rings in 2017 with her girlfriends in the Bahamas
      Lea Michele lays her naked ambition bare as she poses for racy New
       Year snap Completely nude except for an animated frond pasted over
       her derrière
      Now that's one way to RING in the New Year! Ashley Greene flaunts
       her engagement bling as she celebrates 2017 in Sydney with new
       fiancé Paul Khoury
      Lisa Snowdon, 44, showcases her ample assets as she slips into a
       plunging blue bikini in saucy throwback snap from Down Under Bikini
       babe
      'Get your happy aes home!': Kim Zolciak misses daughter Brielle
       Biermann and beau Michael Kopech as they enjoy getaway in Niagara
       Falls
      Shameless actress Tina Malone calls in police after abuse from
       Twitter trolls body-shaming her for weight loss Shameless star
       'upset'
      'The best way to start 2017': Jessica Alba soaks up the sun in a
       bikini as she and her daughters celebrate the New Year on Hawaiian
       beach
      Meghan the budding star: Actress poses for series of publicity
       photos after landing a role in daytime TV show 13 years before she
       met Prince Harry
      'Stand strong and move forward!' Nicole Scherzinger flaunts her
       phenomenal bikini body as she shares her New Year's resolve from
       Hawaii
      'Men think they are there for pleasure': Alicia Douvall says her
       bum implants have ruined her sex life... and is undecided about
       ditching leaking lifts
      Jeremy Clarkson's VERY racy party girls: Grand Tour star is
       pictured with a host of society's most eligible women at New Year's
       Eve party
      Lizzie Cundy, 46, shows off her tanned and toned figure in sizzling
       cut-out monokini as she hits the beach during idyllic Maldives
       getaway
      Mariah Carey kisses Bryan Tanaka in preview clip of reality show
       after he pops out of cake and gives lap dance Preview of her new
       show
      Ashley James flaunts her enviably toned abs in series of sizzling
       skimpy bikinis as she soaks up the sun during exotic break in
       Gambia
      Iconic duo Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell meet 'sad but beautiful' end on
       EastEnders as they drown in New Year's Day special Fans praised
       acting
      Tired of the beach? Covered up Ashley Olsen, 30, caresses shirtless
       beau Richard Sachs, 58, during trail hike in St. Barts This is the
       life
      'Boy crazy!' Ellen Pompeo cradles her newborn son Eli as she dances
       around her kitchen Became a mum for the third time in December
      Steps girls Claire Richards, Faye Tozer and Lisa Scott Lee amp up
       the glamour in glittering ensembles as the band reunite for NYE gig
       at London's G-A-Y
      'Happiest New Year!' Bella Hadid shares selfie blowing on party
       horn as she rings in 2017 with Kendall Jenner and Jordyn Woods
      'Sad when bae leaves': Ariel Winter, 18, pouts over absent Levi
       Meaden,29... after ringing in New Year with a kiss Sulky Snapchat
      Would you dare to wear a FIDDLER CAP? Bella Hadid signals that the
       formerly naff accessory is making an unlikely comeback for 2017
      'Counting my blessings': Karlie Kloss winks as she shows off her
       famous figure in black bikini in St Barts Showing off her model
       body
      Rogue One takes $64M over New Year weekend to become the US's
       second highest grossing film of 2016... as Disney sweeps year-end
       top three
      Chip off the old block! Brooklyn Beckham theatrically dives from
       boat as holiday break in Maldives continues He's got skills!
      'Bodies of every size': Lena Dunham bares cleavage in lingerie for
       New Year's Day photo-shoot Sending a message with racy shot
      'Partner in life!' Rachel Zoe and Rodger Berman share NYE kiss as
       they celebrate 25 years together Midnight smooch
      They tied the knot! UnREAL cco-stars Johanna Braddy and Freddie
       Stroma start 2017 as newlyweds They had been dating since meeting
       in 2015
      'Nose problems': Marco Pierre White Jr shares second horrifying
       nosebleed in days on Snapchat... after hinting they were caused by
       drug use
      If you've got it... Chloe Ferry flashes her derriere as she joins
       the scantily-clad Geordie Shore girls for raucous NYE pool party at
       Charlotte Crosby's lavish mansion
      Hard day's twerk! Bella Thorne dances on the back of a truck in the
       Bahamas Spent a bit of New Year's Day twerking on a stationary
       truck
      'I love my man!' Jessica Simpson shares sultry couple shot with
       husband Eric Johnson New Year, same handsome beau
      Bod Jovi! Shirtless Jon Bon Jovi, 54, shows off his impressive
       physique as he goes for a dip in St Barths It seems he has looked
       good, always
      '1st selfie of the new year!' Ciara shares a picture of her growing
       bump as she supports her man at NFL game Nw baby on the way in 2017
      Andrew Garfield cheers on the Los Angeles Lakers courtside as
       awards season looms for Hacksaw Ridge star Sports fan
      Victoria's Secret stunner Bridget Malcolm flashes underboob as she
       poses TOPLESS on a disco ball to celebrate 2017 in sexy Playboy
       shoot
      'I wish everyone this kind of love!' Kelly Clarkson plants a kiss
       on son Remington for New Year's greeting Gave birth on April 12,
       2016
      'They're perky!': Cynthia Bailey takes RHOA castmates to her breast
       exam... and lets them squeeze her implants Could never be accused
       of being shy
      Check out My Lean physique! Busty Myleene Klass flaunts her famed
       bikini body in TINY two-piece during festive family Sri Lanka trip
       She looked incredible
      Trying to impress? Ansel Elgort enjoys a shirtless workout... as
       girlfriend Violetta Komyshan looks on Enjoyed a productive New
       Year's Day
      Party time! Kendall Jenner steps out in black negligee while Hailey
       Baldwin stuns in white mini dress as the pals celebrate New Year's
       Eve in Hollywood
      Revealed: Jennifer Lopez quietly turned up to support her new beau
       Drake at his NYE show in Las Vegas The 47-year-old showed her
       support
      Living it up! Jamie Foxx welcomes the new year with a boy's night
       in Miami Hit 1 Hotel in the South Beach neighbourhood
      'This isn't a baby, it's just food': Newly-slim Scarlett Moffatt
       says friends asked if she was PREGNANT at her heaviest... as she
       admits she couldn't bare to look at herself naked
      Jeremy McConnell kisses mystery blonde in steamy NYE clinch... days
       before anniversary of CBB romance with pregnant ex Stephanie Davis
      Norman Cook returns home from NYE gig in Italy after a lonely
       Christmas following split from Zoe Ball... while she celebrates six
       months of sobriety
      Louis Tomlinson's ex Briana Jungwirth coos over their giggling son
       Freddie in old family videos... as she reveals that their baby has
       taken his first steps
      Make-up free Chloe Khan shows off natural beauty as well as her
       famously enhanced assets in racy swimsuit selfie at luxurious
       London spa
      Kordell Stewart sends ex Porsha Williams a cease and desist letter
       after nude video of him is leaked on internet The former NFL star
       has threatened legal action
      'It was like when we first got together': Sherlock's Amanda
       Abbington admits it was 'weird' revisiting parenting onscreen with
       now ex Martin Freeman
      James Corden's wife Julia Carey showcases her incredible physique
       in chic scalloped swimsuit as they enjoy Barbados sun on festive
       family jaunt
      Men only! Geordie Shore's Ricci has BANNED GIRLS from his Instagam
       account to avoid 'celeb hungry' dates Good luck stalking him!
      Well, one has to start somewhere! Crown star Claire Foy is seen
       starring in BBC soap Doctors in her first TV role Got a bit part in
       2008
      A dip in the (Car)pool! Doting daddy James Corden larks around with
       son Max on Barbados shore during idyllic New Year getaway A sweet
       display
      'Sun always shines on the righteous': Ring-free Katie Waissel takes
       thinly-veiled swipe at 'second ex-husband Brian after split' as she
       turns to CBB co-star Renee Graziano in Miami
      'I want my body back!' Vicky Pattison shares titillating swimsuit
       selfie as she vows to kick 10lbs and cut back on alcohol in the new
       year Looked smoking hot
      MTV bad girl Jemma Lucy continues to stun as she goes totally NAKED
       in sunbed selfie... after simulating sex act in shock Snapchat clip
       Ex On The Beach star
      Naomi Campbell, 46, shows off her incredibly ageless physique in
       barely-there bikini as she rings in 2017 with blissful beach break
       Still absolutely stunning
       'If I'm feeling unsafe, I won't go out': Corrie's Kevin Kennedy
       reveals the resonating restraints of his alcoholism after 18 years
       sober
      'Do you know what, just pee on the floor':  Rita Ora claims she
       'lost thousands on investment into festival urinating device'... as
       probe into £2.3million fraud swindle rages on
      Back to cause Big Bother? Divisive Spencer Pratt appears to confirm
       rumoured CBB return with wife Heidi as he documents boozy arrival
       in UK
      'How we started 2017!' Proud David Beckham shares sweet snap of his
       family from glamorous beach party in the Maldives... as the stars
       ring in 2017
      'I've felt better': Louis Tomlinson welcomes 2017 with a hungover
       selfie as he prepares for a new year after his mother's tragic
       passing Looked worse for wear
      'You'd have to be thick to think you'd pose with your dead nan':
       Geordie Shore fans leap to the defence of grieving Chloe Ferry
       after she deletes picture with her ailing grandmother
      Spice up your NYE! Victoria Beckham joins Mel C on stage to sing
       their hit tune 2 Become 1 during Maldives celebrations...after
       snubbing recent band reunion
      Adam Thomas' fiancée Caroline Daly shows off endless legs beneath
       slashed jumpsuit as they join his Love Island star twin Scott to
       ring in 2017
      'Mariah's meltdown: Diva botches NYE lip-sync performance and
       STORMS OFF Times Square stage while crying into mic: 'I wanted a
       holiday too. Can't I just have one?'
      Millie Mackintosh and Hugo Taylor pack on the PDA during blissful
       break in South Africa...as the bikini-clad beauty displays some
       painful looking sunburn on her pert posterior
      Oh no, normal people! Robbie Williams is caught on camera applying
       hand sanitiser after singing Auld Lang Syne - and looking suitably
       disgusted
      She's got that Super Bass! Katie Price channels rapper Nicki Minaj
       for NYE bash in buxom bodysuit and hot pink bikini...as she toasts
       to last night drinking for a year
      PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Holly Willoughby flashes her fabulous figure in
       powder blue kaftan during family beach day with husband Daniel
       Baldwin in Barbados
      Oozing star quality! Alexa Chung is the belle of the ball in
       intricate head piece as she toasts the New Year at NYC masquerade
       ball Fancy dress
      This is the life! Lauryn Goodman shows off her curves in racy
       striped bikini as she soaks up the sunshine in Mykonos Lazy
       sunbathing session
      Jake Gyllenhaal maintains his toned physique with a New Year's Eve
       run while on holiday in St. Barts  He surely deserved a vacation
      Such a cheeky boy! Usher posts photo of 'bonita' wife Grace's
       bottom as they welcome the New Year in a hot tub
      Gerard Depardieu displays his portly frame as he strips off his
       shirt during a hot and sweaty rehearsal for his stage show
       in Buenos Aires
      Seas the day! Lizzie Cundy, 46, flaunts her taut stomach and ample
       cleavage in plunging bikini as she celebrates the New Year in the
       Maldives
      Abbey Clancy displays her peachy posterior and lean limbs in a racy
       high-waist swimsuit as she poses for sun-soaked photoshoot Hitting
       the beach
      'Bad and boujee!' Larsa Pippen showcases her enviable figure in
       revealing bikini aboard river cruise  Was the display for the
       benefit of Scottie?
      Family meal-a! Mila Kunis stocks up on food with hubby Ashton
       Kutcher and newborn son Dimitri ahead of NYE
      Rosie O'Donnell calls Trump 'mentally unstable' on Twitter and
       warns America that there are 'less than three weeks to stop him'
      Make-up free Nicole Scherzinger displays her sensational beach body
       in a sun-soaked Hawaiian selfie Shared a stunning bikini-clad
       selfie from a beach
      Well that's one way to worship the sun! Lady Victoria Hervey looks
       radiant in a vibrant floral maxi dress as she offers her palms to
       the sky in Barbados
      Ashley Graham whips off her bikini to pose topless while enjoying
       sunshine holiday She marked the first day of 2017 with a topless
       selfie in The Seychelles
      Transgender model Hari Nef sizzles in slinky purple gown as she
       sings sultry cover of Blue Velvet for Love's video advent
      Single and ready to mingle! Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson mends
       broken heart with girls' NYE night out with bodysuit clad pal Chloe
       Ferry Daring look
      Fans outraged as fake Cheryl Twitter account 'confirms'
       pregnancy...after the singer shares heartfelt New Year's Instagram
       selfie
      'She made disgusting and explicit propositions to my boyfriend':
       Woman slams Katie Price as she claims her infamous Christmas party
       flirtations almost caused relationship split
      'Hello 2017': Ed Sheeran promises new music in five days' time...
       as he appears on social media for the first time in 57 weeks Put
       paid to speculation
      The Angels have arrived! Victoria's Secret models Jasmine Tookes,
       Romee Strijd and Lais Ribeiro sizzle in tiny bikinis while on
       holiday in Brazil
      Frankie Essex shows off her toned and tanned figure in racy
       halter-neck swimsuit and tiny denim shorts as she celebrates two
       stone weight loss
      Twice as nice! Models Doutzen Kroes and Joan Smalls put on a bikini
       display as they meet up on Miami Beach Nice view
      'The 4 things that I love the most': Madonna spends New Year with
       son Rocco Ritchie and his siblings as they ring in 2017 together
       with family ski trip after strained 2016
      Kelly Brook flaunts her ample cleavage and toned stomach in a pink
       printed bikini for sizzling shoot Phenomenal figure
      'My life changed forever!' Coco Austin shares snap of the moment
       she met Ice-T 16 years ago as they celebrate wedding anniversary at
       New Year's Eve bash
      Justin Bieber rings in 2017 with medley of hits during poolside
       performance at historic Fontainebleau Miami Beach He did it in
       styke
      '2017 here we go!' Joanna Krupa gets cheeky with a pretty pal as
       they ring in the New Year in their bikinis Beach babes
      Fifty Shades Darker teases more steamy sex scenes with new TV ad
       The 32-second clip features the film's stars in unseen footage.
      Chloe Khan puts on a VERY busty display as she slips into a sexy
       bunny costume for eye-popping selfie  Saucy
      Pregnant Rochelle Humes shows off her blossoming baby bump in a
       little black dress as she celebrates NYE in the Maldives  Seven
       months pregnant
      Cheeky in Chelsea! Louise Thompson posts racy topless snap before
       flaunting her enviable abs in a sizzling red bikini from the
       sun-soaked Maldives
      Chloe Green suns herself in Miami as her dad Sir Shifty is hoping
       for time away from BHS pension scandal  Hasn't missed out on
       topping up her tan
      Rise and shine! Bikini girl Hilary Duff embraces the new year with
       surf lesson in Hawaii While many around the world were nursing a
       hangover
      A plum start to 2017! Princess Mary rings in the new year dressed
       in a gold gown and deep purple cape as she joins Prince Frederik
       for annual banquet
      She's still got it! Jessica Hart admits she's 'blessed' and 'lucky'
       to still be modelling swimwear at 30 as she returns to Seafolly
       after five years
      Beautiful front and back! Ashley Graham posts rear view topless
       bikini pic as she enjoys tropical getaway Spending the New Year in
       The Seychelles
      SPOILER ALERT: Is Zak Dingle next to be killed in Emmerdale? Lisa
       Dingle discovers Cain's caravan on fire... with her ex-husband
       possibly inside
      'Her tongue freaks me out!' Jessica Simpson's BFF CaCee Cobb posts
       silly selfie while celebrating New Year's Eve Sticking it out
      'No better way to end 2016': Khloe Kardashian's ex Lamar Odom poses
       with his kids in first Instagram post since leaving rehab
      Erica Packer looks glam despite shoulder injury as she enjoys
       family holiday in St Barts... while her 'ex' Seal hits the ski
       slopes with Heidi Klum
      Shirtless Jake Gyllenhaal flaunts hunky physique as he joins
       bikini-clad pal Greta Caruso in exquisite waters during St. Barths
       break
      Blake Lively enjoys low-key New Year's Eve with her Sisterhood Of
       The Traveling Pants BFF Amber Tamblyn Besties since co-starring in
       the 2005 movie
      'Wonder if I will be cold?' Kate Hudson braves a snowy NYE in Aspen
       in nothing but lingerie as she parties hard with pal Chelsea
       Handler
      Jesy Nelson shows off her ripped abs and ample cleavage as she
       rings in the New Year with a gal pal... as Jade Thirlwell
       celebrates with boyfriend Jed Elliott
      Head over heels! Izabel Goulart does cartwheels on the sand in St
       Barts Flawless figure and athletic prowess
      The X Factor's Honey G forgoes her signature hat and glasses as she
       gives rare glimpse at her face during NYE performance...after her
       debut single limps into the midweek chart at 149
      Blac Chyna and Rob Kardashian put on a united front as they
       celebrate New Year's Eve together... as she puts her engagement
       ring back on
      Jacqui Ryland flashes her underwear in a VERY daring sheer lace
       mini dress as she parties hard with pal on New Years Eve
      'Feliz Año!' Shakira embraces her partner and sons for a festive
       New Year's message to her fans Out wth footballer Gerard Piqué
      Dish of the day! Neighbours star Olympia Valance looks to be NAKED
       while posing with a restaurant menu covering her body as she
       flashes the flesh on holiday in Bali
      I'm pregnant! Lauren Conrad reveals baby news with sweet sonogram
       picture on New Year's Day  First child
      Charlotte Dawson continues to flash giant diamond ring as she rings
       in 2017 with a passionate from boyfriend Matt Sarsfield... after
       sparking engagement rumours
      Adele and partner Simon Konecki are said to be 'planning a UK
       wedding after secretly becoming engaged in October'
      Now that's a Happy New Year! Khloe Kardashian kisses Tristan
       Thompson as they ring in 2017 together Pucker up
      Take That Gary! Simon Cowell calls in the lawyers over rival
       Barlow's new BBC 'X Factor imitation' talent show Let It Shine
      That's one passionate midnight kiss! Miley Cyrus shares her New
       Year's cinch with fiancé Liam Hemsworth as they attend New Year's
       Eve party with his brother Chris and her mum Tish
      Blac Chyna shows off post-baby curves in a plunging dress as she
       heads out to celebrate New Year's Eve Got a lot on her plate
      Beach babe! Heather Graham, 46, flashes her long legs and toned
       midriff on trip to Miami with her boyfriend Endless legs
      'All is as it should be!' Katy Perry dons surgical mask to see in
       the New Year with lover Orlando Bloom on Tokyo sidewalk Worried
       about germs?
      The No 1 lady detective's New Year resolutions: A truly delightful
       misadventure starring Precious, Botswana's top sleuth
      Jasmine Lennard axed from CBB All Stars series 'for making
       anti-Muslim comments'... after being replaced by Jasmin Waltz
       before the show's debut
      Celebrate good times, c'mon! Amy Adams stocks up on alcohol ahead
       of New Year's Eve celebration  Party preparations
      She's smitten! Britney Spears shares cuddly snap after celebrating
       New Year with new love Sam Asghari The couple seem inseparable
      'ISIS claims responsibility for Mariah Carey's performance': Social
       media mercilessly trashes diva for her epic New Year's Eve meltdown
       on Times Square stage
      Bradley Cooper heads out for healthy jog in LA while 'pregnant'
       girlfriend Irina Shayk spends New Year in her native Russia Settle
       down, ladies!
      Now Sheila Hancock, 83, shuns make-up: Actress reveals she didn't
       wear any during her latest film  She defied producers to be more
       'real' on screen
      '2016 is almost over!' John Legend shares cute snap with Chrissy
       Teigen on his back as the couple spend New Year's Eve in St. Barts
       Photogenic couple
      Thatkiss Neverbeen! Jennifer Lawrence reveals she has never had a
       New Year's Eve kiss How can that be?
      'Hey': Teen Kylie Jenner shows off her curves in green bra and
       panties as she takes last mirror selfie of 2016 The KUWTK star
       posed in her bathroom mirror
      Nicki Minaj shows off her ample assets in plunging silver jumpsuit
       as she rings in 2017 with Miami gig... after replacing Jennifer
       Lopez at the last minute
      'One of the most eventful and exciting years of my life': Ivanka
       Trump pays tribute to 2016 as she celebrates New Year's Eve and
       Hanukkah with her husband and children
      'Toddler headbutt!': Jason Biggs starts the New Year with a black
       eye from two-year-old son Sid He enjoyed his first day of 2017 with
       a shiner
      'I've got so much sht on this girl!': Maria Fowler hits back at
       Danielle Lloyd in candid Snapchat video after the model retweeted a
       controversial message
      SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Olympian Sir Matthew Pinsent's wife is
       drafted in to boost Kate, William and Harry's charity Paid to
       instil a work ethic
      A rumble in the jungle, baby joy and THAT Beau Ryan 'affair': A
       look at how far Barry Hall and Lauren Brant have come as they
       prepare for 2017
      'Girl power!' Naomi Watts rings in the new year as a single
       woman... with a bikini trip to Mexico   She's starting the new year
       as a single woman
      SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Maria Connor can barely look at lover Aidan
       as the jailbird comes face to face with him for the first time
       since he left her to fight alone in court
      'Peace out 2016!' Jessica Alba ends the year exploring Hawaiian
       rainforests with her loved ones
      Katie Piper channels the eighties in wild leopard print costume as
       she attends New Year's Eve fancy dress party with husband Richard
       Sutton
      'Golden New Year with the family!' Chris Hemsworth rings in 2017
       with his wife Elsa Pataky, his brother Liam and Miley Cyrus
      Happy New Year from Hawaii... via Somerset: Peter Andre ushers in
       2017 with wife Emily MacDonagh and his children at tropical themed
       party
      Bottoms up! Lady Victoria Hervey displays her enviably slender
       frame and peachy derriere in skimpy blue bikini as she tries her
       hand at paddle boarding in Barbados
      'Cutest thing ever!' Nicole Kidman's surprise 'happy' dance at
       Keith Urban's NYE show in Nashville thrills fans... but leaves some
       asking if she's had a bit too much to drink
      Fergie and Hailee Steinfield flash the flesh in skin flaunting
       ensembles as they ring in 2017 in style on Dick Clark's New Year's
       Rockin' Eve
      'Thankful': Sofia Vergara looks incredible in strapless dress while
       vacationing in Bora Bora for husband Joe Manganiello's birthday
      'Oh Jesus, this is the best fireworks show ever!' Scott Eastwood
       gets VERY excited during New Year's Eve celebrations in Sydney
       Harbour
      'So glad 2017 is finally here': Iggy Azalea hoping for 'better
       vibe' in the New Year after 2016 saw ex-fiancé Nick Young cheat on
       her, X Factor flop, and Guy Sebastian brand her a 'weirdo'
      Having an auld lang fine time! Gwen Stefani locks lips with Blake
       Shelton as they enjoy family New Year's Eve Smooch
      We can be heroes! Nicole Kidman dances on stage beside hubby Keith
       Urban as he performs amazing New Year's tribute to 2016's fallen
       greats
      Shanina Shaik sports a racy green dress as she supports DJ Ruckus
       at a New Year's Eve gig in Miami No stranger to sporting racy
       ensembles
      'Let's do this!' Mariah Carey is carried to the stage by her beau
       Bryan Tanaka as she preps for New Year's Eve show in Times Square
      It must be true love! Kylie Jenner gets a lower-case T for Tyga
       tattoo'd on her ankle... her SIXTH inking so far
      New Years goals! Doutzen Kroes showcases killer bikini body as she
       cosies up to husband Sunnery James on beach in Cancun
      What a Dream day! Blac Chyna begins new year with Rob Kardashian
       and daughter after dramatic split
      'You will survive': MAFS' Zoe Hendrix and Alex Garner reflect on an
       eventful 2016 which saw them welcome first child after
       heartbreaking miscarriage
      'What a year it's been!': Kris Jenner kicks off New Year's Eve
       Instagram messages by sharing collage and acknowledging 2016 was
       rocky
      William Christopher, best known for his portrayal of Father Mulcahy
       on the hit 70s TV show MASH, dies of cancer at age 84
      GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Pippa's family are trying to save the pennies
       as her wedding is set to cost a fortune  The family's online store
       has launched a sale.
      GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Star Wars Carrie and her TV hunt for Prince
       Harry She once led chat show host Graham Norton on a quest to find
       the Prince
      GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Heartache as sad Alice starts 2017... with
       divorce Alice Eve has formally separated from her husband
      GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Lovelorn Cara's LA dash to rekindle her
       romance Absence has made the heart grow fonder for supermodel
      SPOILER ALERT: EastEnders' Ronnie Mitchell looks grim-faced at
       wedding to Jack Branning... before making dramatic exit from the
       show with troubled sister Roxy
      New Year's Eve party can really begin now - Usain Bolt's arrived!
       Sprinter flies into UK to celebrate his beloved Manchester United's
       victory by partying with goalscorer Paul Pogba
      'I miss LA': Chloe Lattanzi admits she's homesick after moving from
       California to Oregon with her fiancé to start a marijuana farm
       business
      'My dude is HOT': Miley Cyrus admires her fiancé Liam Hemsworth as
       they attend a New Year's Eve party with his brother Chris and wife
       Elsa Pataky
      Ending the year on a bang! Reality star Courtney Stodden poses in
       white lace lingerie as she says 'bye 2016'
      The Price Is Right! Radio personality Steve Price 'will join Lisa
       Curry in the South African jungle for I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out
       Of Here!'
      Victoria's Secret model Megan Williams displays her sensational
       beach body in a black bikini as she frolics in the ocean in St
       Barts with her boyfriend
      Nicki Minaj displays ample cleavage in sexy Instagram post in wake
       of deadly shooting outside concert of on-again, off-again beau Meek
       Mill
      Emma Forbes, 51, shows off stunning figure in chic scalloped
       swimsuit as she heads to the beach in Barbados with husband Graham
       Clempson
      Denim darling! Jenna Dewan shows off her fit form in a black
       bodysuit with jeans and leopard print booties while out in LA

   iPhone App Promo
   MS

L'ÉTÉ MS

   Redonnez du peps à votre style!
   Voir maintentant.
   more


GADGET REVIEWS

   Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses
   Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently
   let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential
   to finally bring VR to the masses.
      7 comments
      2 videos


   Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker
   Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and
   loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential
      19 comments
      2 videos


   'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone
   Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart
   assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great.
      1 video


   Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine
   Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40, and is
   stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with
   some caveats.
      comments
      1 video


   The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so
   Qb review
   Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where
   the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something
   in the background.
      comments
      1 video


   The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life
   Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your
   home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out
   there - at a price.
      comments
      1 video


   Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere
   Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a
   tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is
   something you'll be able to carry everywhere.
      comments
      1 video


   A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone:
   Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE
   The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had
   a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone.
      36 comments
      3 videos


   Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: BW Zeppelin Wireless review
   It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for
   the design conscious music fan.
      comments


   The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro
   The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to
   combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't
   break your back to carry.
      193 comments
      2 videos


   'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV
   Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does
   have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and
   other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart.
      77 comments
      4 videos


   The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub
   It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of
   our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive..
      comments
      1 video


   The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so
   review
   It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a
   legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American
   launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker.
      3 comments
      1 video

   Michael Hanlon

   [INS: :INS]

   [INS: :INS]

Next story

   We are proof Dry January really IS worth doing: 5 drinkers who gave up
   alcohol for a month reveal their astonishing results
      272 comments
      1 video

      SHARE PICTURE
     
     
     
     
     

   

   Copy link to paste in your message

      Back to top

      Home
      News
      U.S.
      Sport
      TVShowbiz
      Australia
      Femail
      Health
      Science
      Money
      Video
      Travel
      Fashion Finder

   Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS
   Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page
   Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money
   Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location

   Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd

   Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday  Metro Media Group
   © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with
   us Contributors Terms Discount Codes Privacy policy  cookies Cookie
   regulation logo
