    alternate alternate alternate JERSEYANA; Weirdest of All, the
   Magazine Has Caught On

   NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please
   upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE »

   (Submit) Sections (Submit) Home (Submit) Search Skip to content Skip to
   navigation View mobile version

The New York Times

N.Y. / Region|JERSEYANA; Weirdest of All, the Magazine Has Caught On

   (Submit) Search
   (Submit) Subscribe Now (Submit) Log In (Submit) 0 (Submit) Settings
   (BUTTON) Close search

Site Search Navigation

   Search NYTimes.com
    (BUTTON) Clear this text input

   (Submit) Go
    1. Loading...

   See next articles
   See previous articles

Site Navigation

Site Mobile Navigation

   Advertisement
   Supported by

N.Y. / Region | JERSEYANA

JERSEYANA; Weirdest of All, the Magazine Has Caught On

   By JACK SILBERTSEPT. 28, 2003
   Continue reading the main story Share This Page
   Continue reading the main story

   THEY are chroniclers of the creepy, bards of the bizarre.

   They are Mark Sceurman and Mark Moran, the two men who edit and publish
   Weird NJ, the magazine devoted to all things odd -- or most odd -- in
   New Jersey.

   Perhaps most odd, Mr. Sceurman and Mr. Moran -- a study in contrasts
   themselves -- seem almost too normal. The slender Mr. Moran, 42, who
   sports a soul patch, is loquacious, while the 46-year-old Mr. Sceurman,
   solidly built with an auburn goatee, is more taciturn.

   From abandoned asylums to colorful real-life characters past and
   present, to folk stories of ghosts, monsters, and aliens, Mr. Sceurman
   and Mr. Moran have created a journal of New Jersey's unwritten history.

   Their accumulated tales gain more permanence with a new book, ''Weird
   N.J.: Your Travel Guide to New Jersey's Local Legends and Best Kept
   Secrets'' (Silver Lining Books, $19.95).
   Continue reading the main story

   Advertisement
   Continue reading the main story

   ''It's a culmination of the last 10 years worth of magazine articles,''
   said Mr. Sceurman, ''except we rewrote and rephotographed everything,
   and actually did a little more research than the first time around.''

   Advertisement
   Continue reading the main story

   The 272-page compilation -- in hard cover and full color, from the
   Barnes  Noble imprint -- may come as a shock to longtime fans who
   recall Weird NJ's earliest and most primitive incarnation.

   As far back as 1989, Mr. Sceurman began cobbling together his odd
   newsletter.

   ''I collected oddball stories about New Jersey -- places I remembered
   my brother telling me about, like Albino Village,'' he said, referring
   to a fictional place said to be populated by fair-skinned freaks.

   Mr. Sceurman gave away the typewritten pages to his friends.

   ''If there were five people that wanted them,'' Mr. Moran said, ''he'd
   go down to the copy shop and run off five copies.''

   After an article on Mr. Sceurman's peculiar periodical appeared in The
   Record, demand suddenly increased.

   ''I had to put something together real quickly,'' Mr. Sceurman stated.
   ''I put together all these newsletters and called it an issue.''

   Mr. Moran -- or Mark II -- entered the picture in 1993, when the
   freelance graphic artist started contributing letters, drawings, and
   photographs to the magazine.

   Then in 1996, Rutgers University Press approached Mr. Sceurman about
   creating a Weird NJ book. But the manuscript he submitted, assembled
   with Mr. Moran's help, was met with a curt rejection notice.

   ''They sent us back a letter saying 'We can't publish this! This will
   compromise our standing in the academic community,''' Mr. Moran
   recalled.

   Advertisement
   Continue reading the main story

   The snub only served as inspiration for the two Marks.

   ''That's what fueled our fire,'' Mr. Sceurman said. ''We thought, 'We
   can do it ourselves, and prove them wrong.' And we did.''

   In 1997, Mr. Sceurman invited Mr. Moran to be co-publisher, and
   together the pair set out to produce a full-fledged magazine. For
   starters, they took it to such bookstores as the Montclair Book Center
   and asked if it could be sold on consignment. The circulation began to
   build steadily: 500 copies of issues 4, 5, and 6 (now collectors' items
   on eBay), to 1,000 copies of issue 7, which added a new element --
   color on the cover.

   ''That was a big leap," said Mr. Moran. By issue 8, there were 2,000
   copies being printed, and the Marks decided to publish twice annually,
   in May and October, instead of just once.

   With each successive issue, circulation began to increase by about
   5,000 copies. The quality continued to improve as well -- thorough
   research, better graphics, more pages, and more contributions of odd
   tales from readers.

   ''It was a snowball effect,'' said Mr. Moran. ''As more people saw the
   magazine, we had more feedback from the general public. The magazine
   thrives off that. Everybody has at least one good story.''

   Booksellers, comic book shops, music stores, and others started asking
   if they could advertise in Weird NJ, according to the two men.

   While by no means a main revenue source, the money generated from a
   limited number of ads has allowed color to become more prevalent in the
   magazine (from 2 color pages in the 12th issue to 36 in the 20th),
   which costs $4 at the newsstand.

   From there the franchise grew to include a Web site, weirdnj.com; a
   video; a CD; special themed issues; T-shirts and hats' live
   appearances, and more. As evidenced by the popularity of Weird
   NJ-sponsored functions, a phenomenon of sorts was under way.

   Advertisement
   Continue reading the main story

   Christine Zardecki of Highland Park, who attended one Halloween party
   put on by Weird NJ, said: ''We thought we had great costumes -- my
   friend was a dead ringer for Carrie. But we didn't even come close to
   the people that dressed up as the New Jersey icons, from the Jersey
   Devil to Clinton Road, that the magazine has uncovered and created.''

   It is difficult to classify the people who flock to Weird NJ events and
   keep the magazine's circulation rising. (The most recent issue sold
   55,000 copies; including back issues, 150,000 copies were sold in the
   past year.)

   ''We'll be doing a talk somewhere, and there will be 7-year-olds
   sitting on the floor at our feet, and in the crowd, right behind them,
   someone 90 years old,'' said Mr. Moran.

   ''And the goth kids,'' Mr. Sceurman interjected.

   With that, Mr. Moran continued: ''They can all relate to it. You
   wouldn't picture seeing some punk kid sitting next to some old lady in
   a group, and think that they have something in common, but they do.''

   To some extent, the diverse readership mirrors a state that lacks a
   clear identity. Perhaps the magazine's popularity underscores a desire
   for New Jersey to define itself by its very eccentricity.

   Doug Kirby, co-author with Ken Smith and Mike Wilkins of the book ''The
   New Roadside America,'' (Fireside/Simon  Schuster, 1992) knows how New
   Jersey's quirkiness quotient measures up to the rest of the nation.

   ''New Jersey offers a surprising number of offbeat sights for its size
   relative to other states -- a profusion of odd monuments, museums, and
   classic roadside attractions,'' Mr. Kirby said. ''As we've traveled the
   country, we've found every state has its own weird stories and legends,
   but the mania to chronicle them in New Jersey is particularly
   intense.''

   Yet with its relative success, Weird NJ is still very much a
   mom-and-pop, or rather, Mark-and-Mark, operation. The men work out of
   their homes: Mr. Sceurman's in Bloomfield, and Mr. Moran's in West
   Orange. Mr. Sceurman, who is also a co-owner of the Aquarian music
   weekly, handles the production tasks on Weird NJ, and Mr. Moran is
   responsible for the photography. Writing is divided between the two.

   Advertisement
   Continue reading the main story

   The rest is kind of a family affair, with Mr. Sceurman's wife, Shirley,
   and her sister Susan dealing with the mail. And a part-time associate
   editor, Chris Gethard, came aboard three years ago.

   ''We get people all the time sending us résumés for jobs,'' Mr.
   Sceurman explained. ''I tell them, 'We don't even have an office!'''

   Then there are the deliveries. Though Weird NJ offers subscriptions,
   the vast majority of sales are at newsstands. The magazine is available
   in hundreds of chain and independent stores statewide as well as nearby
   towns in New York and Pennsylvania. Because of the personal
   relationships developed with these retailers, Mr. Sceurman and Mr.
   Moran deliver the magazine themselves.

   ''I went to a Tower Records in Cherry Hill and dropped off four boxes
   of issues,'' Mr. Moran recounted. ''They were, like, 'Aren't you the
   publisher?' I said, 'Yeah, who do you think is going to deliver
   this?'''

   But with the support of an enthusiastic publishing company, Mr.
   Sceurman and Mr. Moran will not have to deliver the new book
   themselves. Many publishers had contacted Weird NJ since the run-in
   with Rutgers University Press, but the Marks said they held out until
   the project could be done on their terms.

   ''It chronicles a lot of stuff that isn't around anymore,'' Mr. Moran
   said. ''We're documenting a culture that is fast disappearing in New
   Jersey.''

   Now that the ink is dry, Mr. Sceurman and Mr. Moran will hit the road
   for a 21-stop statewide book tour in October and November, and then
   it's on to the next issue, more books, perhaps, and any intriguing
   projects that come their way, including talks with television
   production companies.

   ''We dabbled in video, we dabbled in music,'' Mr. Sceurman said. ''I
   don't know what else there is to fool around with.''

   Advertisement
   Continue reading the main story

   Then he added with a smile, ''Maybe we'll make little car
   air-fresheners.''

   As the interview with Mr. Sceurman and Mr. Moran at the Harris Diner in
   East Orange wound down, a young married couple, Jann and J.G. Jones,
   approached the table. They recognized the two men, and wanted to say
   how much they enjoyed the magazine. The Joneses, who are both in the
   comic book industry, recently moved to West Orange from out-of-state
   and discovered Weird NJ when they saw Mr. Sceurman and Mr. Moran on the
   Travel Channel discussing the mysterious Clinton Road.

   ''I grew up in Florida, and there's no history there,'' Mrs. Jones
   said. ''When something gets old they just knock it down and build
   something else. Here, there's a lot of history behind everything. I
   find that really fascinating, the urban legends and the local myths.
   I'll read something in Weird NJ and ask my friends who grew up here to
   tell me about the Land of Make Believe, or Clinton Road, or
   Midgetville.''

   Before Mr. Sceurman and Mr. Moran left, Mrs. Jones pointed outside the
   window at the Crazy Walking Man of Harris Diner. ''He will just walk
   back and forth past the diner a lot,'' she described. ''We always joke
   that he should be in Weird NJ.''

   As Mr. Moran said, everybody has at least one good story.
   Continue reading the main story

   We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.

     
     
     
     

What's Next

   Loading...

   Go to Home Page »

Site Index The New York Times

Site Index Navigation

News

      World
      U.S.
      Politics
      N.Y.
      Business
      Tech
      Science
      Health
      Sports
      Education
      Obituaries
      Today's Paper
      Corrections

Opinion

      Today's Opinion
      Op-Ed Columnists
      Editorials
      Contributing Writers
      Op-Ed Contributors
      Opinionator
      Letters
      Sunday Review
      Taking Note
      Room for Debate
      Public Editor
      Video: Opinion

Arts

      Today's Arts
      Art  Design
      Books
      Dance
      Movies
      Music
      N.Y.C. Events Guide
      Television
      Theater
      Video: Arts

Living

      Automobiles
      Crossword
      Food
      Education
      Fashion  Style
      Health
      Jobs
      Magazine
      N.Y.C. Events Guide
      Real Estate
      T Magazine
      Travel
      Weddings  Celebrations

Listings  More

      Classifieds
      Tools  Services
      Times Topics
      Public Editor
      N.Y.C. Events Guide
      Blogs
      Multimedia
      Photography
      Video
      NYT Store
      Times Journeys
      Subscribe
      Manage My Account

Subscribe

      Subscribe
      Home Delivery
      Digital Subscriptions
      Times Insider
      Crossword

      Email Newsletters
      Alerts
      Gift Subscriptions
      Corporate Subscriptions
      Education Rate

      Mobile Applications
      Replica Edition

Site Information Navigation

      © 2017 The New York Times Company
      Home
      Search
      Accessibility concerns? Email us at accessibility@nytimes.com. We
       would love to hear from you.
      Contact Us
      Work With Us
      Advertise
      Your Ad Choices
      Privacy
      Terms of Service
      Terms of Sale

Site Information Navigation

      Site Map
      Help
      Site Feedback
      Subscriptions
