    alternate alternate alternate IN PERSON;Weird. Seriously Weird.

   NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please
   upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE »

   (Submit) Sections (Submit) Home (Submit) Search Skip to content Skip to
   navigation View mobile version

The New York Times

N.Y. / Region|IN PERSON;Weird. Seriously Weird.

   (Submit) Search
   (Submit) Subscribe Now (Submit) Log In (Submit) 0 (Submit) Settings
   (BUTTON) Close search

Site Search Navigation

   Search NYTimes.com
    (BUTTON) Clear this text input

   (Submit) Go
    1. Loading...

   See next articles
   See previous articles

Site Navigation

Site Mobile Navigation

   Advertisement
   Supported by

N.Y. / Region | IN PERSON

IN PERSON;Weird. Seriously Weird.

   By ANDY NEWMANMARCH 31, 1996
   Continue reading the main story Share This Page
   Continue reading the main story

   Mark Sceurman is looking for Midgetville.

   "I keep hearing these stories about this place," Mr. Sceurman said
   recently as he sat at his kitchen table here. "It's supposed to be two
   or three houses that were built for midgets, in Edgewater or somewhere
   in Bergen County. Really small houses, and even the stop signs were 8
   feet high instead of 12. I think it had something to do with the
   Ringling Brothers, who lived in Morris County."

   He furrowed his brow very slightly.

   "I've hit two spots so far and they've both been called Midgetville,
   but it's not the Midgetville I'm looking for."

   Little matter. Midgetville the place may well elude Mr. Sceurman
   forever, but Midgetville the concept has already been immortalized in
   Weird New Jersey magazine. For six years, Mr. Sceurman (pronounced
   SKER-man) has taken the fruits of a lifetime spent scouring the state
   in search of the unusual, the unexplained and the almost certainly
   untrue and crammed them all into the 32 black-and-white pages of an
   annual publication that combines the cheerful credulity of the Weekly
   World News with the boosterism of a local weekly paper.

   From the Lawn of a Thousand Milk Bottles in Buena to the Lawn of a
   Thousand Ornaments in Hackensack, Mr. Sceurman, with help from a small
   army of like-minded contributors, has seen most of it and written about
   it all. His is a New Jersey of 100-foot-tall toilets and
   muffler-wielding roadside giants and miniature castles rising from the
   swamps, a state where ghosts and U.F.O. sightings are as common as
   strip malls. The next issue of the magazine, which has a circulation of
   about 1,000, is due out in May, and Mr. Sceurman, who spends his days
   as art director for the Aquarian Weekly, a music-scene tabloid, is also
   working on a deluxe four-color Weird New Jersey map.
   Continue reading the main story

   Advertisement
   Continue reading the main story

   "I keep thinking I'll run out of things to write about," he said, "and
   then someone will send me a letter that there's a house in Vineland
   shaped like a teacup or a cookie jar. It never seems to end. There's a
   lot of things to see in New Jersey. Well, there's a lot of things in
   New Jersey. I don't know if you'd want to see them."

   Advertisement
   Continue reading the main story

   T HE first thing a visitor notices about Mr. Sceurman is how unweird he
   is. An easygoing, chunky 38-year-old with a light brown beard, he lives
   with his wife, Shirley, in a mostly orderly white house whose cluttered
   basement harbors no secret darker than a stuffed fish holding a stuffed
   bird in its mouth. He lives across the street from the house where he
   grew up, in a town whose claims to weirdness are modest: Bloomfield
   contains what Mr. Sceurman believes to be the smallest house in the
   state and is home to the Short Stop, a colorful diner specializing in
   eggs where Mr. Sceurman once had a rubber band shot into his
   over-easies.

   But Mr. Sceurman has had an unquenchable thirst for the bizarre ever
   since a drunken teen-age encounter with the Dead Nun of Morristown,
   encased behind glass along the side of the road. Eventually, he began
   sending out a newsletter to friends listing expeditions he planned. The
   newsletter also provided an outlet for the odd news clippings from
   around the state that Mr. Sceurman had been collecting in an enormous
   box for years ("Drunk Driver Runs Himself Over," and the like), and
   before he knew it Weird New Jersey was born.

   Mr. Sceurman is not merely a devotee of the kitschy and lurid, however.
   He considers himself a serious folklorist and roadside archeologist --
   he is president of the Bloomfield Historical Society -- and says his
   mission is to document precious cultural institutions that are quickly
   vanishing.

   "A lot of these roadside attractions are only around for a few years,"
   he said. "They either get plowed over by condominiums or they just get
   lost. That's what I'm trying to preserve in Weird New Jersey: the
   things you won't read about in history books."

   Indeed, many of Mr. Sceurman's favorite haunts have been destroyed in
   his lifetime.

   "In Vineland, there was this place called the Palace of Depression," he
   recalled. "This man named George Trainer built a whole big house out of
   junk -- car fenders, pitchforks, car parts, anything he could find --
   and busloads of people would come down and see it. Now it's torn down."

   Gone, too, is Mahalchik's 50 Acres, a colossal jumble of military junk
   decorated with the anti-government slogans of its owner, a cranky
   perennial Presidential candidate, along Route 206 in Burlington County.
   Likewise the Leaning Tower of Pizza on Route 22. Even the Dead Nun of
   Morristown has been retired; the site's keepers had apparently had
   enough of uninvited late-night tourists.

   Mr. Sceurman understands that excessive attention can ruin weird spots
   for everyone, and he is careful to leave directions to certain
   sensitive sites, especially those on private property, a bit sketchy.

   "Trespassing is a horrible crime, and you should definitely never do
   it," he said. "At least, not in the daytime."

   Advertisement
   Continue reading the main story

   But the call of the wild still comes, and then the Scuermans and a few
   friends pile into his Jeep in search of new frontiers.

   "Sometime next week I'm going down to see a deserted village in the
   Watchung Mountains," he said on Wednesday. "A friend of mine who's been
   doing some research there told me about it. I'm also going to see Tilt
   Street in Haledon, the steepest street in New Jersey. 'So steep the
   sidewalks are steps!' "

   On less tangible phenomena like the Indian Curse Road of Gloucester
   County or bigfoot sightings in the northwest corner of the state (there
   have been many), Mr. Sceurman takes his cue from the International
   Fortean Organization, a group founded by a specialist in the
   paranormal, Charles Forte, and passes them on to readers without
   verification.

   "It's kind of hard to document legends," he said. "I guess if I went to
   the library and looked it up I could do that, but I don't. If somebody
   writes it in and I like it and it sounds funny or weird, then I'll put
   it in."

   Mr. Sceurman is an agnostic on the subject of U.F.O.'s but said he had
   heard too many credible ghost stories -- and seen one too many
   inexplicably jiggling doorknobs -- to doubt the presence of a world
   beyond.

   "I don't think that this life is all there is," he said. "I believe
   there are ghosts, some kind of lost spirit of something that's not
   settled. There's definitely something there."

   Issue No. 7 will include an interview with Bob Warth of Little
   Silver-based Society for the Investigation of the Unexplained, a man
   whose world view even Mr. Sceurman describes as "pretty far out."

   "This guy claims that there are actually two kinds of bigfoots," Mr.
   Sceurman explained, "the ones that are related to U.F.O.'s and the ones
   in northwest New Jersey. His theory is that these U.F.O.-related
   bigfoots are like biological robots."

   Advertisement
   Continue reading the main story

   He is also planning a feature on a lost tribe of Woodbridge that
   produced a series of wood sculptures recently exhibited at the Newark
   Museum.

   "People think these folks were Hessian traders from the Revolutionary
   War who withdrew to the woods," he said. "They had a churchlike
   structure where people would go to get healed. Now it's the parking lot
   of Fortunoff's at the Woodbridge Mall."

   Although he relies heavily on tips from fellow curiosity-seekers ("the
   guys who wrote the book 'Roadside America' are going to put me in touch
   with a guy in West Milford who's built a backwards time-travel car"),
   Mr. Sceurman has found some of his favorite places simply by walking
   into a diner in a strange town and asking, "Is there anything weird
   around here?"

   "If I won the lottery," he said, "I'd open up a diner and cater to the
   4:30 A.M.-to-noon crowd, garbage men and people like that. That's where
   you get the best stories."

   Weird New Jersey can be reached at P.O. Box 1346, Bloomfield, N.J.,
   07003, or by e-mail at markatwnj
   Continue reading the main story

   We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.

     
     
     
     

What's Next

   Loading...

   Go to Home Page »

Site Index The New York Times

Site Index Navigation

News

      World
      U.S.
      Politics
      N.Y.
      Business
      Tech
      Science
      Health
      Sports
      Education
      Obituaries
      Today's Paper
      Corrections

Opinion

      Today's Opinion
      Op-Ed Columnists
      Editorials
      Contributing Writers
      Op-Ed Contributors
      Opinionator
      Letters
      Sunday Review
      Taking Note
      Room for Debate
      Public Editor
      Video: Opinion

Arts

      Today's Arts
      Art  Design
      Books
      Dance
      Movies
      Music
      N.Y.C. Events Guide
      Television
      Theater
      Video: Arts

Living

      Automobiles
      Crossword
      Food
      Education
      Fashion  Style
      Health
      Jobs
      Magazine
      N.Y.C. Events Guide
      Real Estate
      T Magazine
      Travel
      Weddings  Celebrations

Listings  More

      Classifieds
      Tools  Services
      Times Topics
      Public Editor
      N.Y.C. Events Guide
      Blogs
      Multimedia
      Photography
      Video
      NYT Store
      Times Journeys
      Subscribe
      Manage My Account

Subscribe

      Subscribe
      Home Delivery
      Digital Subscriptions
      Times Insider
      Crossword

      Email Newsletters
      Alerts
      Gift Subscriptions
      Corporate Subscriptions
      Education Rate

      Mobile Applications
      Replica Edition

Site Information Navigation

      © 2017 The New York Times Company
      Home
      Search
      Accessibility concerns? Email us at accessibility@nytimes.com. We
       would love to hear from you.
      Contact Us
      Work With Us
      Advertise
      Your Ad Choices
      Privacy
      Terms of Service
      Terms of Sale

Site Information Navigation

      Site Map
      Help
      Site Feedback
      Subscriptions
